1. distaste 名 厌恶 不喜欢  noble 形 贵族的 高尚伟大的 名 贵族
	A few years ago, in one of the most fascinating and disturbing experiments in behavioural psychology, Stanley Milgram of Yale University tested 40 subjects from all walks of life for their willingness to obey instructions given by a ‘leader’ in a situation in which the subjects might feel a personal distaste for the actions they were called upon to perform. Specifically, Milgram told each volunteer ‘teacher-subject’ that the experiment was in the noble cause of education, and was designed to test whether or not punishing pupils for their mistakes would have a positive effect on the pupils’ ability to learn.


2. administer 动 管理 实执行  subject 名 主题 科目 实验对象
	The teacher-subject was told that whenever the pupil gave the wrong answer to a question, a shock was to be administered, beginning at the lowest level and increasing in severity with each successive wrong answer. 


3. a spectrum of 一系列  groan 名动 呻吟  writhe 动 翻滚 扭动  assortment 名 各种各样  expletive 名 咒骂语  denounce 动 告发 谴责
	The supposed ‘pupil’ was in reality an actor hired by Milgram to simulate receiving the shocks by emitting a spectrum of groans, screams and writhings together with an assortment of statements and expletives denouncing both the experiment and the experimenter.


4. unfold 动 展开  balk 动 犹豫  complaint 名 抱怨
	As the experiment unfolded, the pupil would deliberately give the wrong answers to questions posed by the teacher, thereby bringing on various electrical punishments, even up to the danger level of 300 volts and beyond. Many of the teacher-subjects balked at administering the higher levels of punishment, and turned to Milgram with questioning looks and/or complaints about continuing the experiment.


5. mercy 名 仁慈  carry on 继续  reluctant 形 不情愿的  sake 名 目的 利益 清酒
	In these situations, Milgram calmly explained that the teacher-subject was to ignore the pupil’s cries for mercy and carry on with the experiment. If the subject was still reluctant to proceed, Milgram said that it was important for the sake of the experiment that the procedure be followed through to the end.


6. carry out 施行  psychiatrist 名 精神病学家  ordinary 形 普通的
	Prior to carrying out the experiment, Milgram explained his idea to a group of 39 psychiatrists and asked them to predict the average percentage of people in an ordinary population who would be willing to administer the highest shock level of 450 volts. 


7. overwhelm 动 压倒 战胜  virtually 副 实际上 虚拟地  anticipate 动 预料  lunatic 形 疯狂的 名 疯子  fringe 名 边缘
	The overwhelming consensus was that virtually all the teacher-subjects would refuse to obey the experimenter. The psychiatrists felt that ‘most subjects would not go beyond 150 volts’ and they further anticipated that only four per cent would go up to 300 volts. Furthermore, they thought that only a lunatic fringe of about one in 1,000 would give the highest shock of 450 volts.


8. obedient 形 顺从的 听话的 词源同动词遵守  obey 动 遵守
	The percentage of obedient teacher-subjects was even higher, reaching 85 percent in one country. 


9. discrepancy 名 差异  discrepant 形 有差异的  knowledgeable 形 博学的  fluster 名 慌乱 动 使慌乱  cooperative 形 合作的 我对于它的词源有了一些想法  laboratory 名 实验室
	How can we possibly account for this vast discrepancy between what calm, rational, knowledgeable people predict in the comfort of their study and what pressured, flustered, but cooperative ‘teachers’ actually do in the laboratory of real life?


10. inclination 名 意愿倾向 词根倾斜  incline 名 斜坡 动 倾斜 倾向   aggression 名 侵犯 敌对情绪攻击性  instinct 名 本能 直觉  discharge 动 排放  pent-up 形 压抑的  primal 形 最初原始的 主要的 自然同根  urge 名 强烈欲望 动 力劝
	One’s first inclination might be to argue that there must be some sort of built-in animal aggression instinct that was activated by the experiment, and that Milgram’s teacher-subjects were just following a genetic need to discharge this pent-up primal urge onto the pupil by administering the electrical shock. 


11. advantageous 形 有利的  trait 名 特点 特征  hardship 名 艰难  cave 名 洞穴  remnant 名 剩余部分  make-up 组成
	A modern hard-core sociobiologist might even go so far as to claim that this aggressive instinct evolved as an advantageous trait, having been of survival value to our ancestors in their struggle against the hardships of life on the plains and in the caves, ultimately finding its way into our genetic make-up as a remnant of our ancient animal ways.


12. benevolent 形 仁慈的  legitimacy 名 合法性 合理性
	Most subjects in the experiment see their behaviour in a larger context that is benevolent and useful to society – the pursuit of scientific truth. The psychological laboratory has a strong claim to legitimacy and evokes trust and confidence in those who perform there.


13. loyalty 名 忠诚  loyal 形 忠诚的  self-sacrifice 名 自我牺牲  surrender 动 投降 屈服  malevolent 形 有恶意的 恶毒的 和恶意的同根  malice 名 恶意
	Thus, in this explanation the subject merges his unique personality and personal and moral code with that of larger institutional structures, surrendering individual properties like loyalty, self-sacrifice and discipline to the service of malevolent systems of authority.


14. radically 副 根本地  radical 形 激进的 彻底的 根本的  forgo 动 放弃
	Here we have two radically different explanations for why so many teacher-subjects were willing to forgo their sense of personal responsibility for the sake of an institutional authority figure. 


15. anthropologist 名 人类学家  polar 形 极性的 极地的 截然对立的  plausible 形 花言巧语的 貌似合理的  elucidate 动 阐明
	The problem for biologists, psychologists and anthropologists is to sort out which of these two polar explanations is more plausible. This, in essence, is the problem of modern sociobiology – to discover the degree to which hard-wired genetic programming dictates, or at least strongly biases, the interaction of animals and humans with their environment, that is, their behaviour. Put another way, sociobiology is concerned with elucidating the biological basis of all behaviour.


16. identity 名 身份 恒等式
	The identity of pupils



