1. scholarly 形 学术的 有学问的  scholar 名 学者 奖学金获得者  scholarship 名 学问 奖学金  bachelor 名 学士 单身汉 是一个学历的进度  convey 动 表达 传达
	Like the various dictionaries that came after it during the seventeenth century, Cawdray’s tended to concentrate on ‘scholarly’ words; one function of the dictionary was to enable its student to convey an impression of fine learning.


2. middle class 名 中产阶级  circumscribe 动 限制  lexical 形 词汇的
	The rise of dictionaries is associated with the rise of the English middle class, who were anxious to define and circumscribe the various worlds to conquer — lexical as well as social and commercial.


3. heyday 名 鼎盛时期 全盛期
	It is highly appropriate that Dr Samuel Johnson, the very model of an eighteenth-century literary man, as famous in his own time as in ours, should have published his Dictionary at the very beginning of the heyday of the middle class.


4. critic 名 评论家 批评家  genius 名 天才 天资
	Johnson was a poet and critic who raised common sense to the heights of genius.


5. academy 名 研究院  sign the contract 签合同  instalment 名 分期付款 一期付款 词根安装
	Up until his time, the task of producing a dictionary on such a large scale had seemed impossible without the establishment of an academy to make decisions about right and wrong usage. Johnson decided he did not need an academy to settle arguments about language; he would write a dictionary himself and he would do it single-handed. Johnson signed the contract for the Dictionary with the bookseller Robert Dosley at a breakfast held at the Golden Anchor Inn near Holbom Bar on 18 June 1764. He was to be paid ￡1,5 in instalments, and from this he took money to rent Gough Square, in which he set up his ‘dictionary workshop’.


6. biographer 名 传记作者家  biography 名 传记  garret 名 阁楼
	James Boswell, his biographer, described the garret where Johnson worked as ‘fitted up like a counting house’ with a long desk running down the middle at which the copying clerks would work standing up.


7. station 动 驻扎 待在  rickety 形 摇晃的  whilst 相当于威尔的第一个意思 在期间
	Johnson himself was stationed on a rickety chair at an ‘old crazy deal table’ surrounded by a chaos of borrowed books. He was also helped by six assistants, two of whom died whilst the Dictionary was still in preparation.


8. originality 名 独创性 创意 原创性  heroic 形 英勇的 英雄的  synthesis 名 综合 合成  predecessor 名 前任
	He did not expect to achieve complete originality. Working to a deadline, he had to draw on the best of all previous dictionaries, and to make his work one of heroic synthesis. In fact, it was very much more. Unlike his predecessors, Johnson treated English very practically


9. adopt 动 采用 领养 正式通过  adapt 动 调整...以适应 适应  precedent 名 先例 例 词根 优于 先于  rival 名 竞争对手 动 竞争
	He adopted his definitions on the principle of English common law — according to precedent. After its publication, his Dictionary was not seriously rivalled for over a century.


10. vicissitude 名 变迁 兴衰  landmark 名 地标 标志性建筑 里程碑  noble 形 贵族的 高尚伟大的 名 贵族  lexicographer 名 词典编篡者 自然和词汇的同根  perpetual 形 无休止的 永久的终身的  monument 名 纪念碑丰碑 纪念  republic 名 共和国
	After many vicissitudes the Dictionary was finally published on 15 April 1775. It was instantly recognised as a landmark throughout Europe. ‘This very noble work,’ wrote the leading Italian lexicographer, ‘will be a perpetual monument of Fame to the Author, an Honour to his own Country in particular, and a general Benefit to the republic of Letters throughout Europe"


11. patronage 名 赞助 店铺的光顾  patron 名 赞助人 顾客  obscurity 名 晦涩 默默无闻  obscure 形 模糊的 晦涩的 动 遮掩  shelter 名 庇护所 动 遮蔽  amidst amid 介词 在什么中 两个词相同  distraction 名 分心
	Johnson had worked for nine years, ‘with little assistance of the learned, and without any patronage of the great; not in the soft obscurities of retirement, or under the shelter of academic bowers, but amidst inconvenience and distraction, in sickness and in sorrow’.


12. eccentricity 名 怪癖 古怪  eccentric 形 古怪的 名 怪人  orthography 名 拼写体系 拼写学  ascertain 动 查明 确定  cornerstone 名 基石 奠基石  confer 动 授予 商量
	For all its faults and eccentricities his two-volume work is a masterpiece and a landmark, in his own words, ‘setting the orthography, displaying the analogy, regulating the structures, and ascertaining the significations of English words’. It is the cornerstone of Standard English an achievement which, in James Boswell’s words ‘conferred stability on the language of his country.’


13. esteem 名动 尊重  pension 名 退休金 养老金  folklore 名 民俗学 民间传说  lore 名 知识 学问
	The Dictionary, together with his other writing, made Johnson famous and so well esteemed that his friends were able to prevail upon King George Ⅲ to offer him a pension. From then on, he was to become the Johnson of folklore.



