1. rub 按摩 摩擦
	She pushed herself to her feet and gave herself a quick hug, rubbing her wet arms.


2. downpour 倾盆大雨  sprinkle 撒 稀疏小雨
	The downpour had transformed into a light sprinkle by now, so she got going, careful not to step on anything that might make her fall. 


3. considerably 相当多地  considerable 对应形容词  (词根 consider)
	It was sure to cool down considerably by then and she wanted to spend the night somewhere warm.


4. get to one's feet 站起来
	She didn’t dare think it was over quite yet, though, so, instead of getting to her feet, all she did was curl up in place; right next to the tree trunk, where fewer raindrops could reach her.


5. oriented 面对的  (词根 orient 面对 朝向)
	Connection-Oriented Multiplexing and Demultiplexing


6. inversion 倒转  (词根 invert 动词 倒转)  inverse 形容词 并不同根
	The inversion of source and destination port numbers


7. nothing more than 不过是
	A connection-establishment request is nothing more than a TCP segment with destination port number 12000 and a special connection-establishment bit set in the TCP header. 


8. convention 惯例 大会  自己本身就是词根
	other ports are used by convention by popular applications (e.g., the Microsoft Windows SQL server listens for requests on UDP port 1434).


9.  case the joint  (小偷) 踩点  case 预先探查  joint 接合处 联合的 词源 来自join的过去分词  
    join 连接
	But attackers, in order to “case the joint,” also want to know which ports are open on target hosts.


10.  flaw 瑕疵 缺陷 flawless 完美的 无瑕的  ripe 成熟的
	If a host is found to be running an application with a known security flaw (e.g., a SQL server listening on port 1434 was subject to a buffer overflow, allowing a remote user to execute arbitrary code on the vulnerable host, a flaw exploited by the Slammer worm [CERT 2003–04]), then that host is ripe for attack. 


11.  sequentially 顺序的  (词根 sequel 续集 结果)  sequence 顺序 次序
	For TCP, nmap sequentially scans ports, looking for ports that are accepting TCP connections. 


12. initiate 开始 传授  词源 非词根 initial 开始的 最初的  initialize 初始化
	The situation is illustrated in Figure 3.5, in which Host C initiates two HTTP sessions to server B, and Host A initiates one HTTP session to B. 


13. instructive 有教益的  (词根 instruct 教授)  instruction 指令 说明书
	Before closing this discussion, it’s instructive to say a few additional words about Web servers and how they use port numbers. 


14. spawn 产卵
	Figure 3.5 shows a Web server that spawns a new process for each connection. 


15.  correspondence 通信 相似  (词根 correspond 动词 相当于 通信)
	We mention, however, that there is not always a one-to-one correspondence between connection sockets and processes. 


16. mitigate 减轻 缓和
	This frequent creating and closing of sockets can severely impact the performance of a busy Web server (although a number of operating system tricks can be used to mitigate the problem). 


























rub  downpour  sprinkle  considerably  considerable  get to one's feet  orient 
inversion  nothing more than  convention  flaw  flawless  ripe  sequentially  sequel
sequence  initiate  initial  initialize  instructive  instruct  instruction  spawn 
correspondence  correspond  mitigate  case the joint


sum  27



