1. snippet 片断
	For TCP with fast retransmit, the following code snippet replaces the ACK received event in Figure 3.33


2. striking 惊人的 显著的  英译 吸引注意力以一种不寻常的原因  strike 击打 碰撞
	But there are some striking differences between TCP and Go- Back-N. 


3. generic 普通的  同根词  generally 一般地 普遍地
	TCP looks a lot like our generic SR protocol. Thus, TCP’s error-recovery mechanism is probably best categorized as a hybrid of GBN and SR protocols.


4. stick  粘贴 枝条  every other 所有其他的 每隔一个的  tongue 舌头  mattress 床垫
	She had accumulated her supply by sticking every other pill under her tongue and taking it out once the nurse was gone and hiding it under the mattress.


5. horny  bastard  boob 乳房 蠢蛋 愚蠢的错误
	All she had to do was show the horny bastard her boobs.


6. lounge 客厅 休息室
	During a few of those hours, she had gone for a walk or eaten a meal in the cafeteria or hung with the other crazies in the lounge.


7. bizarre 古怪的  blizzard 暴风雪
	There were always so many bizarre things happening at Holbrooks, other patients yelling or doing stuff, that very little surprised her now.


8. reassess 重新考虑 重新评估
	Now that she reassessed that short period in her mind, she couldn’t be at all sure that she hadn’t experienced some form of hallucination then.


9. rustle 沙沙声 发出沙沙声  wince 龇牙咧嘴 皱眉
	A rustle somewhere to the left of her made her wince. Another hallucination for sure, she thought, and didn’t bother to turn her head. 


10. growl 低声吼叫  screwed-up 紧张的 神经质的  screw 螺丝  unscrew 拧开
    glance 一瞥 匆匆一看  stare 注视  gaze 凝视
	She kept moving forward when she heard a low growl, again to her left. Annoyed with herself and her screwed-up brain, she glanced in that general direction only to do a double take.


11. slender 苗条的(赛尔号 筷子)  slave 奴隶  chill 寒冷 害怕  spine 脊柱
    goose bump/goose skin/goose flesh 鸡皮疙瘩  
    goose 鹅  bump 撞  flesh 肉 皮肤
	The thick underbrush hid its long, slender legs. A chill ran up her spine and goose bumps developed on her skin.
















snippet  striking  generic  generally  stick  every other  tongue  mattress  
lounge  bizarre  blizzard  reassess  rustle  wince  growl  screwed-up  screw  unscrew
glance  stare  gaze  slender  slave  chill  spine  goose bump/goose skin/goose flesh
goose  bump  flesh


sum  32













