1. reiterate 重申 反复说  dictation 口述 听写 英译 说得很大声使其被记下  iterate 迭代 重复
   dictate 口述 命令 (形近字 indicate dedicate)
	The dictation would be slowed by all of the reiterated words.


2. suspect 推测
	As the name suggests, selective-repeat protocols avoid unnecessary retransmissions by having the sender retransmit only those packets that it suspects were received in error (that is, were lost or corrupted) at the receiver. 


3. mimic 模仿 善于模仿的人 (词根 mime 哑剧)  imitate 模仿  simulate 模拟 假装  simultaneous 同时发生的
	A single hardware timer can be used to mimic the operation of multiple logical timers [Varghese 1997]. 


4. coincide 同时发生  coincidence 巧合
	For SR protocols, this means that the sender and receiver windows will not always coincide.


5. figurative 比喻的  (词根 figure )  focus 焦点
	Now consider the receiver’s viewpoint in Figure 3.27, which has a figurative curtain between the sender and the receiver, since the receiver cannot “see” the actions taken by the sender. 


6. as far as 就...而言 直到  it is concerned
	As far as it is concerned, the two scenarios in Figure 3.27 are identical. 


7. animation 动画片 生气(生命的气息) (词根 animate 做动画片 有生命的)
	At the companion Web site, you will find an animation that illustrates the operation of the SR protocol. 


8. manifestation 表现 (词根 manifest 清楚显示 明显的)
	One manifestation of packet reordering is that old copies of a packet with a sequence or acknowledgment number of x can appear, even though neither the sender’s nor the receiver’s window contains x. 


9.  spontaneously 自发地 (词根 spontaneous 自发的)  emit 发出 散发
	With packet reordering, the channel can be thought of as essentially buffering packets and spontaneously emitting these packets at any point in the future. 


10. dilemma 窘境 进退两难
	SR receiver dilemma with too-large windows: A new packet or a retransmission?





























reiterate  dictation  suspect  mimic  mime  coincide  coincidence  figurative  figure
as far as  animation  animate  manifestation  manifest  spontaneously  spontaneous
emit  dilemma


sum  18





