1. stretch 拉长 舒展  at a stretch 勉强的
	Again, this assumption is a bit of a stretch. 


2. appreciate 意识到 理解 感激 欣赏
	To appreciate what is happening here, consider the case that the offered load, l$in (the rate of original data transmission plus retransmissions), equals R/2.


3. compensate 补偿 赔偿
	We see here another cost of a congested network—the sender must perform retransmissions in order to compensate for dropped (lost) packets due to buffer overflow.


4. asymptotic 渐进的 (但不会接触到那个值)
	Since each packet is forwarded twice, the throughput will have an asymptotic value of R/4 as the offered load approaches R/2.


5. overlap 重叠
	In our final congestion scenario, four hosts transmit packets, each over overlapping two-hop paths, as shown in Figure 3.47. 


6. to give rise to 导致  rise 源头  tradeoff 权衡 交易
	These considerations give rise to the offered load versus throughput tradeoff shown in Figure 3.48.


7. eventual 最终的  eventually adv 最终  (词根 event)
   evident 明显的  evidence 证据 迹象  outline 概述 画轮廓 轮廓
	The reason for the eventual decrease in throughput with increasing offered load is evident when one considers the amount of wasted work done by the network. In the high-traffic scenario outlined above, whenever a packet is dropped at a second-hop router, the work done by the first-hop router in forwarding a packet to the second-hop router ends up being “wasted.”


8. idle 空闲的 懒惰的  idol 偶像
	The network would have been equally well off (more accurately, equally bad off) if the first router had simply discarded that packet and remained idle.


9. More to the point 说的更确切/直白些  profitably 有利地  (词根 profit)
	More to the point, the transmission capacity used at the first router to forward the packet to the second router could have been much more profitably used to transmit a different packet.


10. infer 推断  inference
	Even the presence of network congestion must be inferred by the end systems based only on observed network behavior (for example, packet loss and delay). 


11. sophisticated 
	More sophisticated feedback is also possible.


12. choke 堵塞 窒息 噎住
	This form of notification typically takes the form of a choke packet (essentially say- ing, “I’m congested!”).


13. Upon on的更正式用法  notify 通知 报告  notification
	Upon receipt of a marked packet, the receiver then notifies the sender of the congestion indication.


14. magnificent 宏伟的 壮丽的 极好的  boa constrictor 蟒蛇 巨蟒
	Once when I was six years old I saw a magnificent picture in a book , called True Stories from Nature, about the primeval forest. It was a picture of a boa constrictor in the act of swallowing an animal. Here is a copy of the drawing.


15. prey 猎物 受害者   digestion 消化 领悟  (词根 digest 消化 理解 摘要)
	In the book it said: "Boa constrictors swallow their prey whole, without chewing it. After that they are not able to move, and they sleep through the six months that they need for digestion. 


16. ponder 仔细考虑 琢磨  ponder on/over sth 仔细考虑某事  jungle 热带丛林 
	I pondered deeply, then, over the adventures of the jungle.


17. masterpiece 杰作 代表作  frightened 使惊恐  grown-up 成年人 成熟的 成人的
	I showed my masterpiece to the grown-ups, and asked them whether the drawing frightened them.


18. dishearten 使沮丧  tiresome 令人厌倦的
	I had been disheartened by the failure of my Drawing Number One and my Drawing Number
Two. Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them.


19. profession 职业  pilot 驾驶 飞行员
	So then I chose another profession, and learned to pilot airplanes.


20. encounter 遭遇 偶然碰到 邂逅  matters of consequence  正经事
    intimately 密切地  (词根 intimate 亲密的 密友) close at hand 近在眼前
	I have had a great many encounters with a great many people who have been concerned with matters of consequence. I have lived a great deal among grown-ups. I have seen them intimately, close at hand.


21.  politics  necktie 领带  sensible 明智的  sensitive 敏感的
	I would bring myself down to his level. I would talk to him about bridge, and golf, and politics, and neckties. And the grown-up would be greatly pleased to have met such a sensible man.
























stretch  at a stretch  appreciate  compensate  asymptotic 　overlap  to give rise to
tradeoff  eventual  eventually  evident  evidence  outline  idle  idol 
More to the point   profitably  upon  notify  notification
magnificent  boa constrictor  prey  digestion  digest  masterpiece  frightened  grown-up
dishearten  tiresome  profession  pilot  encounter  matters of consequence  intimately
close at hand  politics  necktie  sensible  sensitive



sum  41










