1. termination 名 终止 结束  terminate 动 终止 结束  terminal 名 终端 形 晚期的
	As just discussed, the input port’s line-termination function and link-layer processing implement the physical and link layers for that individual input link. 


2. dashed line 虚线 破折号组成的虚线  dash 猛冲 破折号 
	The forwarding table is copied from the routing processor to the line cards over a separate bus (e.g., a PCI bus) indicated by the dashed line from the routing processor to the input line cards in Figure 4.4. 


3. subtlety 微妙之处 细微  subtle 形 微妙
	Although this sounds simple enough, there’s a very important subtlety here. 


4. embedded 嵌入式的  embed 嵌入
	Special attention must also be paid to memory access times, resulting in designs with embedded on-chip DRAM and faster SRAM (used as a DRAM cache) memories. 


5. temporarily 临时地 暂时地   temporal 时间的 临时的地词根  temporary 临时的 临时工  schedule 日程安排 时刻表
	In some designs, a packet may be temporarily blocked from entering the switching fabric if packets from other input ports are currently using the fabric. A blocked packet will be queued at the input port and then scheduled to cross the fabric at a later point in time. 


6. criteria 名 标准 复数  criterion 名 标准 单数
	In firewalls (covered in Chapter 8)—devices that filter out selected incoming packets—an incoming packet whose header matches a given criteria may be dropped (action).


7. prevalent 流行的 普遍的
	Indeed, the “match plus action” abstraction [Bosshart 2013] is both powerful and prevalent in network devices today, and is central to the notion of generalized forwarding that we’ll study in Section 4.4.


8. costly 昂贵的  faculty 才能 全体教师的  facility 名 场所 设施 才能  garbage 垃圾 废话  gene 基因  justice 公平 正义 
mayor 市长  proverb 谚语  resolve 决定 决心 解决  resolution 决心 分辨率  romantic 浪漫的 自然和名词浪漫同根  romance 浪漫   


9. shed 棚 摆脱  shuttle 名 航天飞机 名动 往返两地  shuffle 洗牌  therapy 治疗  victim 受害者  victory 名 胜利  victor 名 胜利者  artistic 艺术的  cereal 谷物  cite 引用  citation 引用


10. dramatic 戏剧的 引人注目的  era 时代  helicopter 直升机  infant 名 婴儿 初期  interfere 干涉 妨碍  liberal 自由的 自由主义者  liberty 名 自由 和自由的同源但不同根  oven 烤箱




























termination  terminate  dashed line  dash  subtlety  subtle  embedded  embed  temporarily
temporal  temporary  schedule  criteria  criterion  prevalent

15


costly 　faculty  garbage 　gene   
justice 　 
mayor 　proverb 　resolve 　resolution 
romantic 　romance 　shed 
shuttle 　shuffle 　therapy 　victim 　victory  victor
artistic 　cereal  
cite 　citation 　dramatic 　era 　helicopter 　infant 
interfere 　liberal 　liberty 　oven  

30


sum  45




