1. propose 提出
	Rabin and Karp proposed a string-matching algorithm that performs well in practice and that also generalizes to other algorithms for related problems, such as two-dimensional pattern matching. 


2. consecutive 连续的  secure 安全
	We can then view a string of k consecutive characters as representing a length-k decimal number.


3.  subtract 减去
	Subtracting 10^(m-1)*T[s+1] removes the high-order digit from ts , multiplying the result by 10 shifts the number left by one digit position, and adding T[s+m+1] brings in the appropriate low-order digit. 


4.  suffice 足够  sufficient 足够的
	although for this application a straightforward O(m) time method suffices


5. 　overlook 忽视  intentionally 有意的
	Until now, we have intentionally overlooked one problem


6.  reasonably 合理的  arithmetic 算术
	If P contains m characters, then we cannot reasonably assume that each arithmetic operation on p (which is m digits long) takes “constant time.” 


7. modulo 模 以...为模  modulus 模数
	Fortunately, we can solve this problem easily, as Figure 32.5 shows: compute p and the ts values modulo a suitable modulus q.


8.  craft
	This book is written for programmers who want to get better at their craft by under- standing how these components work and how they affect the correctness and performance of their programs.


9. be poised to do/for sth 为(做)某事做好准备  poised 镇定的  (词根 poise 镇定) 
   dedicate 献出  enlighten 启迪 阐明  enlightenment 启迪 阐明 启蒙运动
	You are poised for an exciting journey. If you dedicate yourself to learning the concepts in this book then you will be on your way to becoming a rare “power programmer,” enlightened by an understanding of the underlying computer system and its impact on your application programs.


10. numerical 数字的 digital  exploit
	You are going to learn practical skills such as how to avoid strange numerical errors caused by the way that computers represent numbers. You will learn how to optimize your C code by using clever tricks that exploit the designs of modern processors and memory systems. 


11.  pitfall 陷阱  trap 陷阱 圈套
	You will learn the promises and pitfalls of concurrency, a topic of increasing importance as multiple processor cores are integrated onto single chips.


12. concert 合作  completion 补充  In a sense 在某种意义上
	Although hello is a very simple program, every major part of the system must work in concert in order for it to run to completion. In a sense, the goal of this book is to help you understand what happens and why when you run hello on your system.



























propose  consecutive  subtract  suffice  overlook  intentionally  reasonable  arithmetic
modulo  craft  be poised to do/for sth  dedicate  enlighten  enlightenment  numerical 
pitfall  concert  completion  In a sense


sum  19



