1. enormous 庞大的
	In client-server file distribution, the server must send a copy of the file to each of the peers—-placing an enormous burden on the server and consuming a large amount of server bandwidth.


2. redistribute 重新分配
	In P2P file distribution, each peer can redistribute any portion of the file it has received to any other peers, thereby assisting the server in the distribution process. 


3. inherent 内在 固有的  scalability 可扩展性  scale 规模  illustrate 说明
	To compare client-server architectures with peer-to-peer architectures, and illustrate the inherent self-scalability of P2P, 


4. quantitative 定量的 量化的  quantity 量 数量 quality 质量
	we now consider a simple quantitative model for distributing a file to a fixed set of peers for both architecture types. 


5. scheme  方案 体制
	Thus, the minimum distribution time is at least F/us. (Unlike the client-server scheme,a bit sent once by the server may not have to be sent by the server again, as the peers may redistribute the bit among themselves.)


6. sweep 清扫
	we’ll only describe its most important mechanisms, sweeping some of the details under the rug; this will allow us to see the forest through the trees.


7.  evolve 进化 逐步发展  evolution 进化  fluctuate 波动 起伏
	As time evolves, some of these peers may leave and other peers (outside the initial 50) may attempt to establish TCP connections with Alice. So a peer’s neighboring peers will fluctuate over time.


8. reciprocate 回报 回应
	She then reciprocates by sending chunks to these same four peers. 


9. incentive 激励  circumvent 规避  simultaneous 同时的 同时发生的  simulated 仿真的
	The incentive mechanism for trading just described is often referred to as tit-for-tat [Cohen 2003]. It has been shown that this incentive scheme can be circumvented [Liogkas 2006; Locher 2006; Piatek 2008]. Nevertheless, the BitTorrent ecosystem is wildly successful, with millions of simultaneous peers actively sharing files in hundreds of thousands of torrents.


circumstance























enormous  redistribute  inherent  scalability  scale  illustrate  quantitative  quantity
quality  scheme  sweep  evolve  evolution  fluctuate  reciprocate  incentive
circumvent  simultaneous  simulated  circumstance


sum  20





