1. on a daily basis 每天
	Today, many Internet video companies are distributing on-demand multi-Mbps streams to millions of users on a daily basis. 


2. straightforward 简单的
	For an Internet video company, perhaps the most straightforward approach to providing streaming video service is to build a single massive data center, store all of its videos in the data center, and stream the videos directly from the data center to clients worldwide. 


3. continent 大陆 洲
	First, if the client is far from the data center, server-to-client packets will cross many communication links and likely pass through many ISPs, with some of the ISPs possibly located on different continents. 


4.  likelihood 可能性 (词根 like)
	The likelihood of this happening increases as the number of links in the end-to-end path increases. 


5. on behalf of 代表
	The CDN may alternatively be a third-party CDN that distributes content on behalf of multiple content providers


6.  cluster 集群 (clue 线索)
	One philosophy, pioneered by Akamai, is to enter deep into the access networks of Internet Service Providers, by deploying server clusters in access ISPs all over the world. 


7.  strategy 策略
	In fact, many CDNs do not push videos to their clusters but instead use a simple pull strategy


8.  intercept 拦截  disturb 打扰
	the CDN must intercept the request so that it can (1) determine a suitable CDN server cluster for that client at that time, and (2) redirect the client’s request to a server in that cluster. We’ll shortly discuss how a CDN can determine a suitable cluster. 


9. identify 
	When a browser in a user’s host is instructed to retrieve a specific video (identified by a URL), 


10. involve 联系
	Let’s consider a simple example to illustrate how the DNS is typically involved


11. proprietary 专有的
	CDNs generally employ proprietary cluster selection strategies. 



























on a daily basis  straightforward  
continent  likelihood  on behalf of  cluster  strategy  intercept  disturb  identify  involve 
proprietary

sum  12


