1. apprenticeship  apprentice
	He set up this company when he finished his apprenticeship, in 1926, although he actually started making plans two years earlier, in 1924.


2. come about 发生
	Stevenson's long-term plan was to manufacture components for the machine tools industry - although in fact that never came about - and for the automotive industry, that is, cars and lorries.


3. premise 名 前提 假定
	Over the years, we've expanded the premises considerably - we were lucky that the site is big enough, so moving to a new location has never been necessary.


4. refurbishment refurbish
	However, the layout is far from ideal for modern machinery and production methods, so we intend to carry out major refurbishment of this site over the next five years.


5. farewell
	You know we've been asked to organize something for Johns farewell?


6. venue
	TONY: Sure, and what about a venue?


7. coffee break
	LISA: No.not at all; we usually go round with an envelope during coffee break, don't we?


8. amend
	TOM:Yes, but I haven't handed it in. I need to amend some parts.

9. evaluate
	I've realised the notes from my research are almost all just descriptions, I haven't actually evaluated anything. So I'll have to fix that.


10. rationale
	JESS:You know, give a rationale.


11. vague proposal
	So I'm going to go back to my proposal to make it a bit more vague.


12. swooping  talon  black
	It's swooping over the water with a fish in its talons, and with great black wings which take up most of the picture.


13. kingfisher  perching  reed
	JESS:Do you know that picture of a kingfisher by van Gogh - it's perching on a reed growing near a stream.


14. portrait  
	TOM:OK.There's a portrait called William Wells, I can't remember the artist but it's a middle-aged man who's just shot a bird.


15. ambiguous  
	To me it's about how ambiguous people are in the way they exploit the natural world.


16. lizard  
	It's a woman with a white bird behind her that is eating a lizard, and what I'm interested in is what idea this bird refers to.


17. letdown 
	JESS:What a letdown! It poured with rain and we hardly saw a single bird.


18. brainstorming
	TOM:Yeah. I liked all the stuff about evolution there. The workshop sessions with Dr Fletcher were good too, especially the brainstorming sessions.


19. drafted
	JESS:Have you drafted your proposal yet?


20. workshops
	FATHER:Oh hello. I wanted some information about the workshops in the school holidays.


21. decorate
	SARAH:Exactly. And then they also build a robot in the shape of a human, and they decorate it and program it so that it can move its arms and legs.

22. error
	We sincerely apologize for our error.

