
parcel 名 包裹  send off 邮寄
EMPLOYEE:No, we won't need anything until we've actually copied the pictures. Then we'll let you know how much it is, and once we've received the payment,we'll send the parcel off to you.


roughly 副 粗略地 大致 粗暴地  sort out 分类 本体就有排序 整理的意思
WOMAN:Yes. I've roughly sorted out the photos into groups, according to what they're about - so can you keep them in those groups when you copy them?


folder 文件夹
EMPLOYEE:Sure. We'll save each group in a different folder on the disk and if you like,you can suggest a name for each folder.


touch up  contrast 名 差异 对比 对比度
EMPLOYEE:Yes, in the standard service each photo is checked, and we can sometimes touch up the colour a bit, or improve the contrast - that can make a big difference.


precious 形 宝贵的
We do realise how precious these old photos can be.


alter 动 改变
EMPLOYEE:And another thing is we can make changes to a photo if you want - so if you want to remove an object from a photo, or maybe alter the background, we can do that.


attic 名 阁楼 
WOMAN: Well, I've got a box full of old family photos that's been up in the attic for years, some of them must be 50 or 60 years old, and I'd like to get them converted to digital format.


frame 名 边框 框架
WOMAN:That should be fine. And some of them are in a frame-should I take them out before I send them?


album 名 相册 专辑
EMPLOYEE:Yes please, we can't copy them otherwise. And also the photos must all be separate, they mustn't be stuck into an album.


 head teacher 校长 还有 headmaster
 pupil 注意读音
 catering 名 餐饮服务  cater 动 提供饮食


up to date 最新的
I'd like to bring you up to date with changes in the school that will affect your children.

cater 动 为提供饮食
The Speedy Italian serving point will cater particularly for the many pupils who don't eat meat or fish: they can be sure that all the food served there is suitable for them.

cycle 动 骑自行车 循环  off-road 形 越野的
Cycling is another favourite, and I'm delighted that dozens of pupils make use of the chance to learn to ride in off-road conditions.

former 形 以前的 虽然词根是form 但是关系不大  magnificent 形 宏伟的 壮丽的 极好的 高中的单词 和放大是真的像啊但是没有关系  grand 形 壮观的 傲慢的
And a former pupil has given a magnificent grand piano to the school, so a few pupils will be able to learn at the school instead of going to the local college, as many of them do at the moment.

be commissioned by  commission 委员会 佣金
It was commissioned by a businessman, Neville Richards, and intended as his family home, but he died before it was completed.

heir 名 继承人
His heir chose to sell it to the local council, who turned it into offices.

come about 发生 产生  nucleus 名 核心
A later plan to convert it into a tourist information centre didn't come about, through lack of money, and instead it formed the nucleus of this school when it opened 40 years ago.


grant 动 准许 承认 授予
Planning permission has been granted for development of both sites.


imminent 形 迫近的 即将发生的  catering 名 餐饮服务
A more imminent change concerns the catering facilities and the canteen.


hardly 副 几乎不
This is obviously unsatisfactory, as they may have hardly finished their lunch before afternoon lessons start.


smooth 形 光滑的
It'll have several serving areas, and I'll give you more details about those in a minute, but one thing we ask you to do, to help in the smooth running of the Food Hall, is to discuss with your children each morning which type of food they want to eat that day, so they can go straight to the relevant serving point.


on offer available的能够获得的的意思 在出售中  top up 充值
There won't be any junk food - everything on offer will be healthy - and there's no change to the current system of paying for lunches by topping up your child's electronic payment card online.


cuisine 名 一种做饭的风格和方式
This will serve a different country's cuisine each day, maybe Chinese one day and Lebanese the next.


therapy 治疗都不会拼 
calorie 复数 calories



marked down  as well 也 同样地
SUSIE:I was OK with the planning, but I got marked down for the self-assessment as well.


article  soon after 稍后 不久以后  soon 副词
LUKE:Right. I've just read an article suggesting why we tend to forget most of our dreams soon after we wake up.


methodology 方法论
SUSIE:OK, forget that idea. Then we have to think about our methodology. So we could use observation, but that doesn't seem appropriate.


half-asleep  asleep 睡着的
SUSIE:But in this case, paper might be better as they'll be doing it straight after they wake up ... in fact while they're still half-asleep.


correlation 相关  correlate 动 相关联   variable
SUSIE:Then when we've collected all our data we have to analyse it and calculate the correlation between our two variables, that's time sleeping and number of dreams and then present our results visually in a graph.


trigger 引发 引起
We just remember the ones where something in the real world, like a view or an action, happens to trigger a dream memory.


segmented 形 组成或者分成多个部分  coincidence 巧合
LUKE:Right. So it's just a coincidence really. Something else I read about is what they call segmented sleeping.


have a chat 交谈
That's a theory that hundreds of years ago, people used to get up in the middle of the night and have a chat or something to eat, then go back to bed. So I tried it myself.


obvious  appropriate 合适的
But they didn't really find an answer. They spent a lot of time working out the most appropriate methodology, but the results didn't seem to show any obvious patterns.

retain 保留  force 强迫
For older people, this kind of activity is especially important because it forces their brain to process things more quickly and to retain more information.


collaboration 合作  
They require collaboration and often involve touching a dance partner, all of which encourages interaction on the dance floor.


isolation  
This helps to develop new relationships and can reduce older people's sense of isolation, which is a huge problem in many countries.


moderately 副 适度的 中等的 温和的  aerobics 有氧运动  kickboxing 跆拳道  intense 激烈的 紧张的 强烈的  intensity 强度 强烈
This is similar to moderately intense exercises like step aerobics or kickboxing.


intensity 密集的 集中的  workout 锻炼
Dance is never going to compete with high-intensity workouts when it comes to physical fitness gains, but its popularity is likely to keep on rising because it's such a fun way to keep fit.


hormone 激素 荷尔蒙  dopamine 多巴胺  激素就是荷尔蒙 多巴胺是激素的一种
Dancing, like other forms of exercise, releases hormones, such as dopamine, which make us feel relaxed and happy.


prescribe 动 开药 规定
He thinks dance should be prescribed as therapy to help people overcome issues such as depression.


adolescent 名形 青少年
It's well established that dance is a good way of encouraging adolescent girls to take exercise but what about older people?


enormous  庞大的
Studies have shown that there are enormous benefits for people in their sixties and beyond.


barrier 障碍  participation 参加
One of the great things about dance is that there are no barriers to participation.


beneficial 有益的 有利的  workout 锻炼
Dance can be especially beneficial for older adults who can't run or do more intense workouts, or for those who don't want to.


intense 和主体的反应相关  intensive 对于客体的客观描述