therapy 治疗都不会拼 
calorie 复数 calories



marked down  as well 也 同样地
SUSIE:I was OK with the planning, but I got marked down for the self-assessment as well.


article  soon after 稍后 不久以后  soon 副词
LUKE:Right. I've just read an article suggesting why we tend to forget most of our dreams soon after we wake up.


methodology 方法论
SUSIE:OK, forget that idea. Then we have to think about our methodology. So we could use observation, but that doesn't seem appropriate.


half-asleep
SUSIE:But in this case, paper might be better as they'll be doing it straight after they wake up ... in fact while they're still half-asleep.


correlation 相关  variables
SUSIE:Then when we've collected all our data we have to analyse it and calculate the correlation between our two variables, that's time sleeping and number of dreams and then present our results visually in a graph.


trigger
We just remember the ones where something in the real world, like a view or an action, happens to trigger a dream memory.


segmented  coincidence 巧合
LUKE:Right. So it's just a coincidence really. Something else I read about is what they call segmented sleeping.


have a chat
That's a theory that hundreds of years ago, people used to get up in the middle of the night and have a chat or something to eat, then go back to bed. So I tried it myself.


methodology  obvious  appropriate
But they didn't really find an answer. They spent a lot of time working out the most appropriate methodology, but the results didn't seem to show any obvious patterns.


retain  forces
For older people, this kind of activity is especially important because it forces their brain to process things more quickly and to retain more information.


collaboration 合作  
They require collaboration and often involve touching a dance partner, all of which encourages interaction on the dance floor.


isolation  
This helps to develop new relationships and can reduce older people's sense of isolation, which is a huge problem in many countries.


moderately  intenseaerobics  aerobics 有氧运动
This is similar to moderately intense exercises like step aerobics or kickboxing.


high-intensity  workout 锻炼
Dance is never going to compete with high-intensity workouts when it comes to physical fitness gains, but its popularity is likely to keep on rising because it's such a fun way to keep fit.


hormone 激素  dopamine 多巴胺
Dancing, like other forms of exercise, releases hormones, such as dopamine, which make us feel relaxed and happy.


prescribed 动 开药 规定
He thinks dance should be prescribed as therapy to help people overcome issues such as depression.


adolescent  
It's well established that dance is a good way of encouraging adolescent girls to take exercise but what about older people?


enormous  
Studies have shown that there are enormous benefits for people in their sixties and beyond.


barriers  participation 
One of the great things about dance is that there are no barriers to participation.


beneficial  workouts
Dance can be especially beneficial for older adults who can't run or do more intense workouts, or for those who don't want to.