
are through to 应该是一种口语的用法 接电话的时候
TIM:Good morning. You're through to the tourist information office, Tim speaking. How can I help you?


ideally
JEAN:Good. I expect we'll go to that. I hope there's going to be a play during the festival, a comedy, ideally.


amateur 业余爱好者
TIM:You're in luck! On the 19th and 20th a local amateur group are performing one written by a member of the group.


town hall 市政厅
It's called Jemima. That'll be on in the town hall. They've already performed it two or three times.


review 评价 评论 复习
I haven't seen it myself, but the review in the local paper was very good.


composer  作曲家  
TIM:Yes, also on the 20th, but in the evening. A professional company is putting on a show of modern pieces, with electronic music by young composers.


cookery  烹饪  workshop 一群人对特定领域项目高强度讨论活动的会议即研讨班 车间
JEAN:Good. We're particularly interested in cookery - you don't happen to have a cookery workshop, do you?


poster 海报
TI:Another workshop is just for children, and that's on creating posters to reflect the history of the town.


carpentry 木工手艺  chisel 凿子
TIM:Because it involves carpentry - participants will be making toys out of wood, so there'll be a lot of sharp chisels and other tools around.


supervise 监督 管理
TIM:Exactly. Now let me tell you about some of the outdoor activities. There'll be supervised wild swimming.


venue 发生地点
TIM:Yes, there's a beautiful one just outside the town, and that'll be the venue for the swimming.

lifeguard 救生员
There'll be lifeguards on duty, so it's suitable for all ages.


orchestra 管弦乐队
JEAN:Oh I heard about that. The orchestra and singers come from the USA, don't they?


 amenity 便利设施 公共福利的那种  statue 雕像  pond 池塘  maze 迷宫


minister 名 部长
WOMAN:I'm very pleased to welcome this evening's guest speaker, Mark Logan, who's going to tell us about the recent transformation of Minster Park. Over to you, Mark.

ownership 所有权
What perhaps isn't so well known is the origin of the park: unlike many public parks that started in private ownership, as the garden of a large house, for instance, Minster was some waste land, which people living nearby started planting with flowers in 1892.


densely 密集地  populated 居住的  residential 居住的  densely populated 人口密集  residential area 居住区
Many local people wanted it to remain a place that everyone could go to, to enjoy the fresh air and natural environment - remember the park is in a densely populated residential area.


petition 名 请愿书 动 请愿 请求  demonstration 名 示范 表达 示威游行
Diane Gosforth was one of those people, and she organized petitions and demonstrations, which eventually made the council change its mind about the future of the land.


dig up 开垦 挖掘 
Soon after this the First World War broke out, in 1914, and most of the park was dug up and planted with vegetables, which were sold locally.


take it over 接管    as far as 表示程度  as far as I'm concerned  本意和什么一样远
At one stage the army considered taking it over for troop exercises and got as far as contacting the city council, then decided the park was too small to be of
use.


more or less 或多或少
After the war, the park was turned back more or less to how it had been before 1914, and continued almost unchanged until recently.


draw up 起草 准备一份计划协议文档的细节  revise 修订 修改 复习
Plans for transforming it were drawn up at various times, most recently in 2013, though they were revised in 2015, before any work had started.


wall 建筑的墙壁 围墙 类似于障碍物  boundary
If you look at this map, you'll see the familiar outline of the park, with the river forming the northern boundary, and a gate in each of the other three walls.


sculpture   bank 岸 特指河湖的   bend 路河电路的弯曲部分 某物的弯曲
There's a new area of wooden sculptures, which are on the river bank, where the path from the east gate makes a sharp bend.


enlarge 扩大  path that leads from to
The playground has been enlarged and improved, and that's between the river and the path that leads from the pond to the river.


maze 迷宫  circular 圆的 循环的  hedge 树篱 就是使用生长中的灌木形成的篱笆
Then there's a new maze, a circular series of paths, separated by low hedges.


south-west corner 西南角落  right angle 直角
They're still in the south-west corner of the park, where there's a right-angle bend in the path.



awful 非常坏的
GRAHAM:Exactly. And his novels show the awful conditions that most people had to live in, don't they?


campaign 作战 发起运动 为了特定的目标有计划工作 特别是社会和政治的  incline 名 斜坡 动 倾斜 倾向
GRAHAM:Yes, he campaigned for education and other social reforms, and gave talks, but I'm inclined to ignore that and focus on the novels.


theatre 剧院
It was very successful when it came out, wasn't it, and was adapted for the theatre straight away.


illustrate 插图 说明 注意读音
We could use that to illustrate the fact that very few children went to school, particularly not poor children, so they learnt in other ways.


cruel  残忍的  cure
CATHY:Maybe Nicholas Nickleby. Actually he taught in a really cruel school, didn't he?


literature 文学
CATHY:So, for the university's open day, we have to plan a display on British life and literature in the mid-19th century.


satire 讽刺
GRAHAM:Yes, mine too. His satire of the legal system is pretty powerful.


heroine 女主角 女英雄
CATHY:That's true, but think about Esther, the heroine. As a child she lives with someone she doesn't know is her aunt, who treats her very badly.


guardian 监护人 保卫者  in charge 负责 主管
Then she's very happy living with her guardian, and he puts her in charge of the household.


debtor 债务人   prison 监狱
CATHY:What shall we take next? Little Dorrit? Old Mr. Dorrit has been in a debtors' prison for years ...


inherits a fortune 继承财富
GRAHAM:What about focusing on the part when Mr.Dorrit inherits a fortune, and he starts pretending he's always been rich?


profile 形象 轮廓 侧面 吸引公众注意力的程度
GRAHAM:Nor me. That was how it used to be, but it didn't attract many people, so this year it's going to be part of an open day, to raise the university's profile.


presumably 副 大概  lecturer 名 演讲者 讲师是一种大学老师
CATHY:Presumably some current students and lecturers will come?