1. punchline 名 妙语 笑点 笑话的关键句  tempt 动 引诱  strike 动 击打  pointless 形 无意义的  dub 动 配音 起绰号称为  reflex 名 反射反映 本能反应
	The punchline is silly yet fitting, tempting a smile, even a laugh. Laughter has always struck people as deeply mysterious, perhaps pointless. The writer Arthur Koestler dubbed it the luxury reflex: unique in that it serves no apparent biological purpose.


2. pedigree 名 血统 家谱  superiority 名 优越 优越性  psychic 形 超自然的  tension 名 紧张 张力 词根时态  puncture 动 穿刺 刺穿  ludicrousness 名 可笑 滑稽  ludicrous 形 可笑的 滑稽的
	Theories about humour have an ancient pedigree. Plato expressed the idea that humour is simply a delighted feeling of superiority over others. Kant and Freud felt that joke-telling relies on building up a psychic tension which is safely punctured by the ludicrousness of the punchline. 


3. incongruity 名 不协调 不和谐   nonsense 名 无意义的话 废话 胡说八道  settle on 选定
	But most modern humour theorists have settled on some version of Aristotle’s belief that jokes are based on a reaction to or resolution of incongruity, when the punchline is either a nonsense or, though appearing silly, has a clever second meaning.


4. linguistic 名 语言的 语言学的  linguist 名 语言学家  reason 动 推理
	Graeme Ritchie, a computational linguist in Edinburgh, studies the linguistic structure of jokes in order to understand not only humour but language understanding and reasoning in machines.


5. revolve 动 以什么为中心 旋转  conceptual 形 概念的
	He says that while there is no single format for jokes, many revolve around a sudden and surprising conceptual shift.


6. semantic 形 语义的  semantics 名 语义学  mental 形 心理的 精神的 疯的
	So even if a punchline sounds silly, the listener can see there is a clever semantic fit and that sudden mental ‘Aha!’ is the buzz that makes us laugh.


7. appeasement 名 安抚 平息 缓和  appease 动 安抚 平息  mammal 名 哺乳动物  ultrasonic 名 超声波 形 超声波的  squeak 名 吱吱声  scuffle 名 扭打  wrestle 动 扭打  nasty 形 令人难受的 严重的 肮脏的 恶意的  pant 动 喘气
	However, there is another type of laughter, the laughter of social appeasement and it is important to understand this too. Play is a crucial part of development in most young mammals. Rats produce ultrasonic squeaks to prevent their scuffles turning nasty. Chimpanzees have a ‘play-face’ — a gaping expression accompanied by a panting ‘ah ah’ noise.


8. cognitive 形 认知的  cognize 动 认识 认知  fairground 名 露天游乐场 露天市场广场  tickle 动 痒  amuse 动 逗你笑 娱乐 消遣  amused 形 愉快的  amusement 名 娱乐活动 消遣
	Researchers believe social situations, rather than cognitive events such as jokes, trigger these instinctual markers of play or appeasement. People laugh on fairground rides or when tickled to flag a play situation, whether they feel amused or not.


9. tap into 利用 挖掘  tap 名 水龙头 动 轻拍  machinery 名 机器 和最简单的机器同根 集合名词后缀  motor 名 发电动机 马达  vocalist 名 歌手  vocal 形 声嗓音的 发声的
	Both social and cognitive types of laughter tap into the same expressive machinery in our brains, the emotion and motor circuits that produce smiles and excited vocalisations.














