1. magnetic 形 磁的 磁性的  magnet 名 磁铁 有吸引力的人或物  radio 名 无线电 收音机  oxygenate 动 供氧
	Psychologist Vinod Goel investigated humour using the new technique of ‘single event’ functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). An MRI scanner uses magnetic fields and radio waves to track the changes in oxygenated blood that accompany mental activity.


2. hardly 副 不十分 不大
	Although Goel felt being inside a brain scanner was hardly the ideal place for appreciating a joke


3. prefrontal 形 前额的  cortex 名 皮层 尤指脑皮层  lit up 照亮 点燃 光线过去式  lobe 名 耳垂 叶
	His scans showed that at the beginning of a joke the listener’s prefrontal cortex lit up, particularly the right prefrontal believed to be critical for problem solving. But there was also activity in the temporal lobes at the side of the head (consistent with attempts to rouse stored knowledge) and in many other brain areas. 


4. sprang 动 跳跃 春天过去式  orbital 形 轨道的 眼眶的  patch 名 地盘 补丁  tuck 动 
	Then when the punchline arrived, a new area sprang to life — the orbital prefrontal cortex. This patch of brain tucked behind the orbits of the eyes is associated with evaluating information.


5. arousal 名 唤起 激起特指性  blink 动 眨眼 闪烁
	Energy and arousal levels may need to be retuned in the blink of an eye. 


6. sub-cortical  metabolic 形 新陈代谢的  metabolism 名 新陈代谢
	The orbital cortex, the region that becomes active in Goel’s experiment, seems the best candidate for the site that feeds such feelings into higher-level thought processes, with its close connections to the brain’s sub-cortical arousal apparatus and centres of metabolic control.


7. sought 动 寻找 追求 的过去式  snap into place 灵光一现  shudder 动 颤抖发抖   pleasurable 形 愉快的  milk 动 榨取 充分利用
	Whenever a sought-for answer snaps into place, there is a shudder of pleased recognition. Creative discovery being pleasurable, humans have learned to find ways of milking this natural response.


8. outlook 名 观点 前景
	Whether a joke gives pleasure or pain depends on a person’s outlook.


9. mechanism 名 机械装置 和形容词机械的同根和机器没关系毕竟拼写区别就很大  distorted 形 变形的 扭曲的  perceptual 形 感知的 　analytical 形 分析的  analytic 形 分析的  lingual 形 舌的 语言的
	Humour may be a luxury, but the mechanism behind it is no evolutionary accident. As Peter Derks, a psychologist at William and Mary College in Virginia, says: ‘I like to think of humour as the distorted mirror of the mind. It’s creative, perceptual, analytical and lingual.






