1. fertile 形 肥沃的  Egypt 名 埃及  Mediterranean 名形 地中海  astound 动 使震惊  astounding 形 令人震惊的  scour 名动 冲刷  sediment 名 沉淀物  delta 名 三角洲 也是希腊字母表第四个字母  Nile 名 尼罗河  current 名 水流 至少水流是可数的
	The fertile land of the Nile delta is being eroded along Egypt’s Mediterranean coast at an astounding rate, in some parts estimated at 100 metres per year. In the past, land scoured away from the coastline by the currents of the Mediterranean Sea used to be replaced by sediment brought down to the delta by the River Nile, but this is no longer happening.


2. dam 名 水坝  interior 名 内部 内陆 形 室内的 内地的 自己就是词根  silt 名 淤泥 泥沙  nutrient 名 营养物 词根名词营养  dispense 名 分发 免除  fertilizer 名 肥料 词根自然是肥沃的
	Before the dams were built, the Nile flowed freely carrying huge quantities of sediment north from Africa’s interior to be deposited on the Nile delta. This continued for 7,000 years, eventually covering a region of over 22,000 square kilometres with layers of fertile silt. Annual flooding brought in new, nutrient-rich soil to the delta region, replacing what had been washed away by the sea, and dispensing with the need for fertilizers in Egypt’s richest food-growing area. 


3. Cairo 名 开罗  upstream 形副 上游
	And to protect the huge population centre of Cairo and its surrounding areas from annual flooding and drought, most of the sediment with its naturaI fertilizer accumulated up above the dam in the southern, upstream half of Lake Nasser, instead of passing down to the delta.


4. replenish 动 补充 再装满 自是词根  trap 名 陷阱 动 困住
	There is still a lot of sediment coming into the delta, but virtually no sediment comes out into the Mediterranean to replenish the coastline．So this sediment must be trapped on the delta itself.


5. divert 动 转移 使改道  canal 名 运河 渠  pump 名 泵 动 用泵输送
	Once north of Cairo, most of the Nile water is diverted into more than 10,000 kilometres of irrigation canals and only a small proportion reaches the sea directly through the rivers in the delta. The sediment sinks to the bottom of the canals and then is added to fields by farmers or pumped with the water into the four large freshwater lagoons that are located near the outer edges of the delta.


6. aquaculture 名 水产养殖  plain 名 平原  municipal 形 市政的  pollutant 名 污染物 和污染同根
	The farms on the delta plains and fishing and aquaculture in the lagoons account for much of Egypt’s food supply．But by the time the sediment has come to rest in the fields and lagoons it is laden with municipal, industrial and agricultural waste from the Cairo region, which is home to more than 40 million people．’Pollutants are building up faster and faster,’ says Stanley.


7. lead 名 铅  fuel 名 燃料  dramatically 副 剧烈地 显著地 戏剧性地  poison 名 毒  stimulate 动 刺激 激励
	Lead from engines that use leaded fuels and from other industrial sources has also increased dramatically. These poisons can easily enter the food chain, affecting the productivity of fishing and farming. Another problem is that agricultural wastes include fertilizers which stimulate increases in plant growth in the lagoons and upset the ecology of the area, with serious effects on the fishing industry.


8. flush out 冲洗  flush 冲洗 冲水 脸红 同花  waterway 名 水路 航道  desalination 名 海水脱盐 淡化 动词可想而知  devise 动 设计
	In the immediate future, Stanley believes that one solution would be to make artificial floods to flush out the delta waterways, in the same way that natural floods did before the construction of the dams. He says, however, that in the long term an alternative process such as desalination may have to be used to increase the amount of water available. In my view, Egypt must devise a way to have more water running through the river and the delta.

















