1. prominence 名 突出显眼 显赫  prominent 形 突出的 显著的 重要的  Latin 名 拉丁人语  intellectual 名 知识分子 形 智力的
	Given the prominence of scientific English today, it may seem surprising that no one really knew how to write science in English before the 17th century. Before that, Latin was regarded as the lingua franca for European intellectuals.


2. Renaissance 名 文艺复兴  revival 动 复兴 复活  renew 动 重新开始 恢复  classical 形 古典的 经典的 传统的
	The European Renaissance is sometimes called the ‘revival of learning’, a time of renewed interest in the ‘lost knowledge’ of classical times.


3. emergent 形 新兴的 词根出现  competitive 形 竞争的 有竞争力的
	The emergent nation states of Europe developed competitive interests in world exploration and the development of trade. 


4. magnetism 名 磁性 吸引力  cartography 名 制图学
	Such expansion, which was to take the English language west to America and east to India, was supported by scientific developments such as the discovery of magnetism, improvements in cartography and — perhaps the most important scientific revolution of them all — the new theories of astronomy and the movement of the Earth in relation to the planets and stars


5. publicise 动 宣传 公布  empirical 形 经验主义的 实证的  empiric 名 经验主义者 江湖医生 形 经验主义的 此时等于前者
	England was one of the first countries where scientists adopted and publicised Copernican ideas with enthusiasm. Some of these scholars, including two with interests in language — John Wallis and John Wilkins — helped found the Royal Society in 1660 in order to promote empirical scientific research.


6. treatise 名 论文
	For example, Newton published his mathematical treatise, known as the Principia, in Latin, but published his later work on the properties of light - Opticks in English.


7. perversely 副 任性地 倔强的 仍旧  perverse 形 任性的 不合常理的 指人或动作是故意的顽固的 表现得不合理或者是无法接受 不管后果
	A second reason for writing in Latin may, perversely, have been a concern for secrecy.


8. obscure 形 模糊的 晦涩的 动 遮掩  deposit 动 存放 放下 名 存款 押金
	And in the mid-17th century it was common practice for mathematicians to keep their discoveries and proofs secret, by writing them in cipher, in obscure languages, or in private messages deposited in a sealed box with the Royal Society.


9. delay 动 推迟  inadequacy 名 不充分  inadequate 形 不充分的
	A third reason why the writing of original science in English was delayed may have been to do with the linguistic inadequacy of English in the early modern period.


10. engage 动 吸引 使参加 从事  engage in 参与 从事
	Fortunately, several members of the Royal Society possessed an interest in Language and became engaged in various linguistic projects.


11. foster 动 培养 促进
	The society’s members did a great deal to foster the publication of science in English and to encourage the development of a suitable writing style.


12. monograph 名 专著 专题著作论文  curator 名 馆长 多指博物馆  microscope 名 显微镜  narrative 名 叙述 讲故事 形 叙述的
	Many members of the Royal Society also published monographs in English. One of the first was by Robert Hooke, the society’s first curator of experiments, who described his experiments with microscopes in Micrographia. This work is largely narrative in style, based on a transcript of oral demonstrations and lectures.


13. formative 形 形成的 形成的就是关键的 起到形成某事的效果特别是对人有一个巨大且持久的影响 词根格式化
	The 17th century was thus a formative period in the establishment of scientific English.


14. momentum 名 势头动力 动量
	In the following century much of this momentum was lost as Germa established itself as the leading European language of science.



















