1. wilderness 名 未开发地区 荒野 词根 野生的  poised 形 镇定的 平衡的 举止自信平静  comeback 名 复出 恢复 重新流行  consciousness 名 意识 知觉 去掉后缀就是形容词  conscious 形 神志清醒的 有意识的  ignite 动 点燃   composed 形 平静的 镇定的 某人的感受表情被控制 冷静  self-assured 形 自信的
	After years in the wilderness, the term ‘artificial intelligence’ (AI) seems poised to make a comeback. AI was big in the 1980s but vanished in the 1990s. It re-entered public consciousness with the release of AI, a movie about a robot boy. This has ignited public debate about AI, but the term is also being used once more within the computer industry. 


2. executive 名 经理 形 决策的 有执行权的  irony 名 讽刺 反语 形 铁的 词根铁  invert 动词 倒转  comma 逗号  inverted commas 双 引号 确实要复数 去掉复数确实可以翻译为单引号  hype 名 炒作 不实宣传  justification 名 理由 辩解 相比于普通原因是正当合理的
	Researchers, executives and marketing people are now using the expression without irony or inverted commas. And it is not always hype. The term is being applied, with some justification, to products that depend on technology that was originally developed by AI researchers. 


3. admittedly 副 诚然 公认的  rehabilitation 名 康复 因疾病 改过自新 因监狱吸毒  rehabilitate 动 康复 因疾病 改过自新 因监狱吸毒 overambitious 形 野心过大的
	Admittedly, the rehabilitation of the term has a long way to go. But the fact that others are starting to use it again suggests that AI has moved on from being seen as an overambitious and under-achieving field of research.


4. coin 动 创造新词首次使用 铸币  figure 名 人物 数字 身材 图  attractive 形 诱人的 有吸引力的  informative 形 提供有用消息的 词源信息  encompass 动 包含  disparate 形 迥然不同的  disparity 名 差异巨大
	The field was launched, and the term ‘artificial intelligence’ coined, at a conference in 1956, all of whom went on to become leading figures in the field. The expression provided an attractive but informative name for a research programme that encompassed such previously disparate fields as operations research, cybernetics, logic and computer science. 


5. mimic 动 模仿 名 善于模仿的人 词根哑剧  unify 动 统一
	The goal they shared was an attempt to capture or mimic human abilities using machines. AI unified the field in name only. But it was a term that captured the public imagination.


6. peak 动 达到最高峰最大值 名 山顶 巅峰  rear 动 抚养 名 后部  prototype 名 原型 样品  diagnosis 名 诊断  dawn 名 黎明
	Most researchers agree that AI peaked around 1985. A public reared on science-fiction movies and excited by the growing power of computers had high expectations. Prototypes of medical-diagnosis programs and speech recognition software appeared to be making progress. It proved to be a false dawn.


7. materialise 动 实现 词根自然  backlash 名 强烈反对  undue 形 过度的 不适当的  due 形 到期的 适当的  due to 由于 因为
	Thinking computers and household robots failed to materialise, and a backlash ensued. ‘There was undue optimism in the early 1980s,’ says David Leake, a researcher at Indiana University. 


8. retrenchment 名 紧缩开支 节省  retrench 动 紧缩开支 节省  opt 动 选择  align oneself with 提供支持 结盟  subdiscipline 名 分支学科
	‘Then when people realised these were hard problems, there was retrenchment. By the late 1980s, the term AI was being avoided by many researchers, who opted instead to align themselves with specific subdisciplines such as neural networks, agent technology, case-based reasoning, and so on."



9. ironically 副 讽刺地 形容词自然  mundane 形 平凡的 单调的  unattended 形 无人看管的  deem 动 认为  characterise 动 描绘 描述刻画
	Ironically, in some ways AI was a victim of its own success. Whenever an apparently mundane problem was solved, such as building a system that could land an aircraft unattended, the problem was deemed not to have been AI in the first place. ‘If it works, it can’t be AI,’ as Dr Leake characterises it. 


10. goal-post 名 足球等的门柱  commercialisation 名 商业化
	The effect of repeatedly moving the goal-posts in this way was that AI came to refer to ‘blue-sky’ research that was still years away from commercialisation. Researchers joked that AI stood for ‘almost implemented’. Meanwhile, the technologies that made it onto the market, such as speech recognition, language translation and decision-support software, were no longer regarded as AI. Yet all three once fell well within the umbrella of AI research.


11. back 动 支持  agency 名 代理机构  claim 动 声称 索赔  exclaim 动 呼喊 惊叫  camouflage 名动 伪装  live up to 达到
	HNC Software of San Diego, backed by a government agency, reckon that their new approach to artificial intelligence is the most powerful and promising approach ever discovered. HNC claim that their system, based on a cluster of 30 processors, could be used to spot camouflaged vehicles on a battlefield or extract a voice signal from a noisy background — tasks humans can do well, but computers cannot. ‘Whether or not their technology lives up to the claims made for it‘


12. investor 名 投资者 投资机构  firm 名 公司 企业 形副 坚硬定的  differentiate 动 区分 求微分
	Another factor that may boost the prospects for AI in the near future is that investors are now looking for firms using clever technology, rather than just a clever business model, to differentiate themselves. 


13. overload 名动 过超载  exacerbate 动 使恶化 使加剧  explosion 名 爆炸 激增 词根自然  categorise 动 将分类
	In particular, the problem of information overload, exacerbated by the growth of e-mail and the explosion in the number of web pages, means there are plenty of opportunities for new technologies to help filter and categorise information — classic AI problems. That may mean that more artificial intelligence companies will start to emerge to meet this challenge.


14. Odyssey 名 奥德赛 是古希腊史诗 史诗指一种文学体裁  feature 动 由什么主打  lipread 动 唇语阅读  transcribe 动 转写 转录 将思想演讲数据写下或打印  elusive 形 难以抓住的 难以表述的 难懂的  elude 动 逃避
	The 1969 film, 2001: A Space Odyssey, featured an intelligent computer called HAL 9000. As well as understanding and speaking English, HAL could play chess and even learned to lipread. HAL thus encapsulated the optimism of the 1960s that intelligent computers would be widespread by 2001. But 2001 has been and gone, and there is still no sign of a HAL-like computer. Individual systems can play chess or transcribe speech, but a general theory of machine intelligence still remains elusive. 









