1. spokesman 名 发言人 代言人  policy 名 政策 原则 是警察的词根  
	New Zealand’s National Party spokesman on education, recently visited the US and Britain. Here he reports on the findings of his trip and what they could mean for New Zealand’s education policy


2. equity 名 公平正  unquestionably 副 毫无疑问地  questionably 副 可疑地
	The report argued for enhanced equity of access and better funding for childcare and early childhood education institutions. Unquestionably, that’s a real need.


3. potential 名 潜力 形 潜在的 另一个同根是副词
	A 13-year study of early childhood development at Harvard University has shown that, by the age of three, most children have the potential to understand about 1000 words — most of the language they will use in ordinary conversation for the rest of their lives.


4. suppress 动 抑制 镇压  personality 名 个性 人格气质
	Furthermore, research has shown that while every child is born with a natural curiosity, it can be suppressed dramatically during the second and third years of life. Researchers claim that the human personality is formed during the first two years of life.


5. socio-economic 形 社会经济的  programme 名 项目 节目 自成一派和项目没关系
	It is generally acknowledged that young people from poorer socio-economic backgrounds tend to do less well in our education system. In an attempt to overcome that educational under-achievement, a nationwide programme called ‘Headstart’ was launched in the United States in 1965. A lot of money was poured into it.


6. periodic 形 周期性的  check-up 检查  sensory 形 感觉的 词根动词感觉  sensor 名 传感器  handicap 名 障碍 不利条件 生理或智力上的障碍  interfere 动 干涉 妨碍  
	Periodic check-ups of the child’s educational and sensory development (hearing and vision) were made to detect possible handicaps that interfere with growth and development.


7. facilitator 名 促进者 人或物使得进程更简单  facilitate 动 促进  facility 名 场所 设施 才能
	Parent resource centres, located in school buildings, offered learning materials for families and facilitators for child care.


8. phenomenal 形 不寻常的  stride 名 步幅 大步 动 跨越  auditory 形 听觉的  verbal 形 口头的 言语的 动词的  verb 名 动词 和口头的同根
	The results were phenomenal. By the age of three, the children in the programme were significantly more advanced in language development than their peers, had made greater strides in problem solving and other intellectual skills, and were further along in social development. In fact, the average child on the programme was performing at the level of the top 15 to 20 per cent of their peers in such things as auditory comprehension, verbal ability and language ability.


9. perpetuate 动 使永久
	There is growing evidence in New Zealand that children from poorer socio-economic backgrounds are arriving at school less well developed and that our school system tends to perpetuate that disadvantage. 


10. initiative 名 主动性 倡议  markedly 副 明显地 显著地  marked 形 显著的 有记号的
	The initiative outlined above could break that cycle of disadvantage. The concept of working with parents in their homes, or at their place of work, contrasts quite markedly with the report of the Early Childhood Care and Education Working Group. 


11. a pilot programme 试点项目  pilot 形 试点的 名 飞行员
	A pilot programme was launched in Missouri in the US that focused on parents as the child’s first teachers.








