1. alternative 形 可供替代的 非传统的 名 选择  alternative medicine 替代医学 非传统医学
	The first students to study alternative medicine at university level in Australia began their four-year, full-time course at the University of Technology, Sydney, in early 1994.


2. acupuncture 名 针灸  struggle 名动 斗争 挣扎  acceptance 名 接受 赞成 词根自然是
	Their course covered, among other therapies, acupuncture. This course reflects how far some alternative therapies have come in their struggle for acceptance by the medical establishment.


3. conservative 形 保守的 传统的 名 保守者  lecturer 名 演讲者 讲师是一种大学老师  loath 形 勉强的 不情愿的  pretender 名 觊觎者 伪装者
	Australia has been unusual in the Western world in having a very conservative attitude to natural or alternative therapies, according to Dr Paul Laver, a lecturer in Public Health at the University of Sydney. ‘We’ve had a tradition of doctors being fairly powerful and I guess they are pretty loath to allow any pretenders to their position to come into it.’ 



4. orthodox 形 传统的 正统的  hand in glove 密切配合  prescribe 动 开药 规定  turnover 名 营业额 　pharmaceutical 形 药物的  
	In many other industrialised countries, orthodox and alternative medicine have worked ‘hand in glove’ for years. In Europe, only orthodox doctors can prescribe herbal medicine. In Germany, plant remedies account for 10% of the national turnover of pharmaceuticals. 


5. disenchantment 名 失望 清醒 对原来尊崇之人物失望不抱有幻想  disenchant 动 不抱有幻想 清醒  acupuncturist 名 针灸医师  herbalist 名 草药医生  herb 名 草药
	Disenchantment with orthodox medicine has seen the popularity of alternative therapies in Australia climb steadily during the past 20 years. In a 1983 national health survey, 1.9% of people said they had contacted a chiropractor, naturopath, osteopath, acupuncturist or herbalist in the two weeks prior to the survey. 


6. consultation 名 咨询  personnel 名 员工 人事部门  disillusion 名动 幻想破灭  erode 动 侵蚀 腐蚀 比如地质作用
	The 550,000 consultations with alternative therapists reported in the 1990 survey represented about an eighth of the total number of consultations with medically qualified personnel covered by the survey ‘A better educated and less accepting public has become disillusioned with the experts in general, and increasingly sceptical about science and empirically based knowledge,’ they said. ‘The high standing of professionals, including doctors, has been eroded as a consequence.’


7. criticise 动 批评  incentive 名 激励  practitioner 名 从业人员 无词根  clientele 名 顾客 委托人
	Rather than resisting or criticising this trend, increasing numbers of Australian doctors, particularly younger ones, are forming group practices with alternative therapists or taking courses themselves. Part of the incentive was financial, Dr Laver said. ‘The bottom line is that most general practitioners are business people. If they see potential clientele going elsewhere


8. chronic 形 慢性的 多指疾病 长期的  relief 名 解脱 救助  holistic 形 全面的  impersonal 形 没有人情味的 客观的  featured
	Those surveyed had experienced chronic illnesses, for which orthodox medicine had been able to provide little relief. They commented that they liked the holistic approach of their alternative therapists and the friendly, concerned and detailed attention they had received. The cold, impersonal manner of orthodox doctors featured in the survey. 


9. exodus 名 大批离开 出埃及记开头字母大写  clinic 名 诊所  couple with 伴随 与结合  concur 动 同意 一致  preventative 形 预防的 等于少了两个字母的呢个  preventive 形 预防的
	An increasing exodus from their clinics, coupled with this and a number of other relevant surveys carried out in Australia, all pointing to orthodox doctors’ inadequacies, Dr Patrick Store, President of the Royal College of General Practitioners, concurs that orthodox doctors could learn a lot about bedside manner and advising patients on preventative health from alternative therapists.


10. muscle 名 肌肉 体力  muscular 形 肌肉的 强健的  skeleton 骨架 纲要  skeletal 形 骨骼的  digestive 形 消化的 助消化的  respiratory 形 呼吸的  respire 动 呼吸   
	Because they suffer from musculo-skeletal complaints; 12% suffer from digestive problems. Those suffering from respiratory complaints represent 7% of their patients, and candida sufferers represent an equal percentage. Headache sufferers and those complaining of general ill health represent 6% and 5% of patients respectively, and a further 4% see therapists for general health maintenance.


11. complementary 形 互补的 补充的  adjunct 名 附属物 助手  conventional 形 传统的 常规的
	The survey suggested that complementary medicine is probably a better term than alternative medicine. Alternative medicine appears to be an adjunct, sought in times of disenchantment when conventional medicine seems not to offer the answer.






