1. hillside 名 山上的倾斜边  scatter 动 分散 名 散点图  majority 名 大多数  downland 名 丘陵地  regimental 形 团的 特指军事上的名词  badge 名 徽章 象征
	The cutting of huge figures or ‘geoglyphs’ into the earth of English hillsides has taken place for more than 3,000 years. There are 56 hill figures scattered around England, with the vast majority on the chalk downlands of the country’s southern counties. The figures include giants, horses, crosses and regimental badges.


2. Oxfordshire 名 牛津郡  shire 名 郡  county 名 英郡 美县   controversial 形 有争议的  prehistoric 形 史前的  monk 名 和尚 修道士  monastery 名 修道院 寺院
	The most famous of these figures is perhaps also the most mysterious – the Uffington White Horse in Oxfordshire. More controversial is the date of the enigmatic Long Man of Wilmington in Sussex. While many historians are convinced the figure is prehistoric, others believe that it was the work of an artistic monk from a nearby priory and was created between the 11th and 15th centuries.


3. overlying 形 覆于上面的  overlie 动 覆在什么上面  reveal 动 揭露  gleaming 形 发出光的 通常因为很整洁或者被抛光  scour 名动 擦净 除去表面上的脏东西 水流得很快除去泥沙石头   testament 名 遗嘱 证明  stretch 动 拉长 舒展  millennia 名 一千年 复数形式
	The method of cutting these huge figures was simply to remove the overlying grass to reveal the gleaming white chalk below. However, the grass would soon grow over the geoglyph again unless it was regularly cleaned or scoured by a fairly large team of people. That fact that any ancient hill figures survive at all in England today is testament to the strength and continuity of local customs and beliefs which, in one case at least, must stretch back over millennia.


4. stylise 动 风格化 用一种得体但是不现实的风格描绘  sleek 形 光滑油亮的  disjointed 形 不连贯的 脱节的  beak 名 鸟嘴 喙  melt into 融入 化为  situate 动 使位于 固定或建造某物在某个位置  steep 形 陡峭的  fort 名 堡垒 要塞
	The Uffington White Horse is a unique, stylised representation of a horse consisting of a long, sleek back, thin disjointed legs, a streaming tail, and a bird-like beaked head. The elegant creature almost melts into the landscape. The horse is situated 2.5 km from Uffington village on a steep slope close to the Late Bronze Age hillfort of Uffington Castle and below the Ridgeway, a long-distance Neolithic track.


5. mound 名 土堆 堆 用于一堆  cemetery 名 墓地 大型墓地公墓  barrow 名 古墓 手推车  carve 动 雕刻  carving 名 雕刻指动作 雕刻品  enigmatic 形 费解的 神秘的
	The Uffington Horse is also surrounded by Bronze Age burial mounds. It is not far from the Bronze Age cemetery of Lambourn Seven Barrows, which consists of more than 30 well-preserved burial mounds. The carving has been placed in such a way as to make it extremely difficult to see from close quarters, and like many geoglyphs is best appreciated from the air. Nevertheless, there are certain areas of the Vale of the White Horse, the valley containing and named after the enigmatic creature, from which an adequate impression may be gained. Indeed on a clear day the carving can be seen from up to 30 km away.


6. depiction 名 描写 动词自然 
	However, the carving is believed to date back much further than that. Due to the similarity of the Uffington White Horse to the stylised depictions of horses on 1st century BCE coins, it had been thought that the creature must also date to that period.


7. optically 副 视觉地 光学的 物理学相关  optic 形 眼睛的 视觉的
	However, in 1995 Optically Stimulated Luminescence (OSL) testing was carried out by the Oxford Archaeological Unit on soil from two of the lower layers of the horse’s body, and from another cut near the base. The result was a date for the horse’s construction somewhere between 1400 and 600 BCE – in other words, it had a Late Bronze Age or Early Iron Age origin.


8. occupation 名 占有 居住 职业 消遣 四元组  tribal 形 部落的  emblem 名 徽章 象征  Celtic 形 凯尔特人的 去掉最后两个字母名词  worship 动 敬神 做礼拜 崇拜  fertility 名 繁殖生育能力 肥沃
	The latter end of this date range would tie the carving of the horse in with occupation of the nearby Uffington hillfort, indicating that it may represent a tribal emblem making the land of the inhabitants of the hillfort. Alternatively, the carving may have been carried out during a Bronze or Iron Age ritual. Some researchers see the horse as representing the Celtic horse goddess Epona, who was worshipped as a protector of horses, and for her associations with fertility. 


9. cult 名 狂热 狂热崇拜  Gaul 名 高卢  ritual 名 仪式 惯例习惯  attest 动 证实明 提供证据之类   mythology 名 神话 
	However, the cult of Epona was not imported from Gaul (France) until around the first century CE. This date is at least six centuries after the Uffington Horse was probably carved. Nevertheless, the horse had great ritual and economic significance during the Bronze and Iron Ages, as attested by its depictions on jewellery and other metal objects. It is possible that the carving represents a goddess in native mythology, such as Rhiannon, described in later Welsh mythology as a beautiful woman dressed in gold and riding a white horse.


10. temporary 形 短期的 临时的 名 临时工  glimpse 名 一瞥 动 瞥见  creator 名 创造者
	The fact that geoglyphs can disappear easily, along with their associated rituals and meaning, indicates that they were never intended to be anything more than temporary gestures. But this does not lessen their importance. These giant carving are a fascinating glimpse into the minds of their creators and how they viewed the landscape in which they lived.





