1. shipbuilding 名 造船  sophisticated 形 复杂的 精密的 老于世故的  sailor 名 水手 海员 乘船者 词根帆
	Shipbuilding today is based on science and ships are built using computers and sophisticated tools. The Romans were not traditionally sailors but mostly land-based people, who learned to build ships from the people that they conquered, namely the Greeks and the Egyptians.


2. survive 动 生存  sail 名 帆 动 航行  rig 动 船装帆 暗箱操纵  hull 名 船体  plank 名 木板  sew 动 缝 缝合  timber 名 木材
	There are a few surviving written documents that give descriptions and representations of ancient Roman ships, including the sails and rigging. Studies of these have taught us that ancient Roman shipbuilders built the outer hull first, then proceeded with the frame and the rest of the ship. Planks used to build the outer hull were initially sewn together. 


3. whereby 副 凭此 英译白威去  stitch 动 缝 编织  systematic 形 系统的 词根系统  unequalled 形 无与伦比的 无可比拟的
	Starting from the 6th century BCE, they were fixed using a method called mortise and tenon, whereby one plank locked into another without the need for stitching. This method was more systematic and dramatically shortened ship construction times. The ancient Romans built large merchant ships and warships whose size and technology were unequalled until the 16th century CE.


4. lightweight 形 轻量的 轻便的  speedy 形 迅速的 词根速度  coast 名 海岸  cripple 名 瘸子 动 使瘸子  naval 形 海军的 感觉和海军有一点关系  bronze 名 青铜 青铜色 形 铜色的 动  oar 名 桨 船桨  navy 名 海军 藏青色 深蓝色
	Warships were built to be lightweight and very speedy. They had to be able to sail near the coast which is why they had no ballast or excess load and were built with a long, narrow hull. They did not sink when damaged and often would lie crippled on the sea’s surface following naval battles. They had a bronze battering ram, which was used to pierce the timber hulls or break the oars of enemy vessels. Eventually, Rome’s navy became the largest and most powerful in the Mediterranean.


5. rower 名 桨手  contrary 形 相反的  enroll 动 参加 注册  supersede 动 取代
	It had rowers in the top, middle and lower levels, and approximately 50 rowers in each bank. The rowers at the bottom had the most uncomfortable position as they were under the other rowers. It is worth noting that contrary to popular perception, rowers were not slaves but mostly Roman citizens enrolled in the military. The trireme was superseded by larger ships with even more rowers.


6. stern 形 严厉的 苛刻的 名 船尾  cables 名 电缆  square 名 正方形  coordinate 名 坐标 动 协调 调整
	They usually had two huge side rudders located off the stern and controlled by a small tiller bar connected to a system of cables. They had from one to three masts with large square sails and a small triangular sail at the bow. Just like warships, merchant ships used oarsmen, but coordinating the hundreds of rowers in both types of ship was not an easy task.


7. bar 名 酒吧 块  copper 名 铜 铜币  marble 名 大理石  towboat 名 拖船  drag 动 拖 名 累赘拖累   quay 名 码头
	The cargo on merchant ships included raw materials (e.g. iron bars, copper, marble and granite), and agricultural products. Large merchant ships would approach the destination port and, just like today, be intercepted by a number of towboats that would drag them to the quay.


8. navigation 名 导航  facilitate 动 促进
	Navigation in ancient Rome did not rely on sophisticated instruments such as compasses but on experience, local knowledge and observation of natural phenomena. In conditions of good visibility, seamen in the Mediterranean often had the mainland or islands in sight, which greatly facilitated navigation. 


9. succession 名 连续 继承 那啥短语一连串  recognisable 形 可认出辨认的  mariner 名 水手 词根海洋的  swell 名 大海的涌动 缓慢有规律的大海浪涌  superficial 形 肤浅的 外表的 表面的  expedition 名 探险远征
	They sailed by noting their position relative to a succession of recognisable landmarks. When weather conditions were not good or where land was no longer visible, Roman mariners estimated directions from the pole star or, with less accuracy, from the Sun at noon. They also estimated directions relative to the wind and swell.


10. afloat 形副 漂浮的 在海上 经济上能应付的无债务困难的
	Warships often remained afloat after battles and were able to sail close to land as they lacked any additional weight.







