1. polar 形 极地的南或北 极性的电或磁 截然对立的  far-reaching 形 影响深远的 后者本身就有引申义影响力  underneath 形介 在什么下面 名 下面  adipose 形 存储脂肪的 特指组织  adipose tissue 脂肪组织 后者当然有纸巾的意思
	Polar bears are being increasingly threatened by the effects of climate change, but their disappearance could have far-reaching consequences. One reason for this is that they have up to 11 centimetres of fat underneath their skin. Humans with comparative levels of adipose tissue would be considered obese and would be likely to suffer from diabetes and heart disease.


2. shed light on 阐明 解释某物使之清晰易于理解  lipoprotein 名 脂蛋白  lipid 名 脂质 化学专业名词  protein 名 蛋白质   cholesterol 名 胆固醇
	A 2014 study by Shi Ping Liu and colleagues sheds light on this mystery. Liu and his colleagues found the polar bears had a gene known as APoB, which reduces levels of low-density lipoproteins (LDLs) – a form of ‘bad’ cholesterol. In humans, mutations of this gene are associated with increased risk of heart disease. Polar bears may therefore be an important study model to understand heart disease in humans.


3. remodel 动 改造 改变某物的结构或形式特别是建筑  undergo 动 经历 经受  pregnancy 名 孕期
	The genome of the polar bear may also provide the solution for another condition, one that particularly affects our older generation: osteoporosis. Bone tissue is constantly being remodelled, meaning that bone is added or removed, depending on nutrient availability and the stress that the bone is under. Female polar bears, however, undergo extreme conditions during every pregnancy. 


4. maternity 名 母性 产妇 成为妈妈的这种状态  den 名 兽穴  cub 名 幼兽 幼崽  deplete 动 耗尽 名词自然
	Once autumn comes around, these females will dig maternity dens in the snow and will remain there throughout the winter, both before and after the birth of their cubs. This process results in about six months of fasting, where the female bears have to keep themselves and their cubs alive, depleting their own calcium and calorie reserves.


5. physiologist 名 生理学家  paradox 名 悖论 矛盾的人事 悖论指通过一系列正常的前提推导出了难以接受的结果  hibernate 动 冬眠  capacity 名 能力 容量  resort 名 招数 度假胜地  reformation 名 改革 注意和革命的区别  bedridden 形 卧床不起的
	Physiologists Alanda Lennox and Allen Goodship found an explanation for this paradox in 2008. Hibernating brown bears do not have this capacity and must therefore resort to major bone reformation in the following spring. If the mechanism of bone remodelling in polar bears can be understood, many bedridden humans, and even astronauts, could potentially benefit.


6. primate 名 灵长类动物  violent 形 暴力的  anecdotal 形 轶事的 传闻的 不是必然正确可信的基于人们的记录传播  dislodge 动 驱逐 逐出 强迫离开某个位置  barrel 名 桶  in an attempt to 试图 试图做某事
	We tend to want to protect animals we think are intelligent and possess emotions, such as elephants and primates. Bears, on the other hand, seem to be perceived as stupid and in many cases violent. And yet anecdotal evidence from the field challenges those assumptions. A male bear called GoGo in Tennoji Zoo, Osaka, has even been observed making use of a tool to manipulate his environment. The bear used a tree branch on multiple occasions to dislodge a piece of meat hung out of his reach. A calculated move by a male bear involved running and jumping onto barrels in an attempt to get to a photographer standing on a platform four metres high.


7. pile 名 堆  agile 形 敏捷的 灵活的  thought-out 形 考虑周全的 深思熟虑后的
	In other studies, such as one by Alison Ames in 2008, polar bears showed deliberate and focused manipulation. For example, Ames observed bears putting objects in piles and then knocking them over in what appeared to be a game. The study demonstrates that bears are capable of agile and thought-out behaviours. These examples suggest bears have greater creativity and problem-solving abilities than previously thought.


8. frustration 名 挫败 失望沮丧  sledge sled 名动 雪橇 前者还有其他意思  remarkably 副 非同寻常地 值得关注以及句首的表示对事件情境的惊讶  hand-raised 人工饲养的
	As for emotions, while the evidence is once again anecdotal, many bears have been seen to hit out at ice and snow – seemingly out of frustration – when they have just missed out on a kill. Moreover, polar bears can form unusual relationships with other species, including playing with the dogs used to pull sleds in the Arctic. Remarkably, one hand-raised polar bear called Agee has formed a close relationship with her owner Mark Dumas to the point where they even swim together.


9. majestic 形 雄伟的 威严的 拥有或展现出印象深刻的美丽或规模
	If climate change were to lead to their extinction, this would mean not only the loss of potential breakthroughs in human medicine, but more importantly, the disappearance of an intelligent, majestic animal. 











