1. automotive 形 汽车的  be used to doing 习惯于做某事 不是进行时的话表示被用于做某事  be accustomed to doing
	The automotive sector is well used to adapting to automation in manufacturing. 


2. trial 动 试验 名 试验 审判
	But since Google announced in 2010 that it had been trialling self-driving cars on the streets of California, progress in this field has quickly gathered pace.


3. motive 名 动机 目的  contributory 形 促成的
	One frequently cited motive is safety; indeed, research at the UK’s Transport Research Laboratory has demonstrated that more than 90 percent of road collisions involve human error as a contributory factor, and it is the primary cause in the vast majority.


4. implication 名 暗示 可能的结果  initiative 名 主动性  viable 形 有望成功的 切实可行的  vital 形 必不可少的 至关重要的
	Beyond these direct benefits, we can consider the wider implications for transport and society, and how manufacturing processes might need to respond as a result. Automation means that initiatives for car-sharing become much more viable, particularly in urban areas with significant travel demand. 


5. mileage 名 英里数 行驶或者行走的  turnover 名 营业额 所有意思在这里都不合适
	Modelling work by the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute suggests automated vehicles might reduce vehicle ownership by 43 percent, but that vehicles’ average annual mileage double as a result. As a consequence, each vehicle would be used more intensively, and might need replacing sooner. This faster rate of turnover may mean that vehicle production will not necessarily decrease


6. prompt 动 导致 形 及时的  promote 动 推销 促进 晋升
	Automation may prompt other changes in vehicle manufacture. 


7. hurdle 名 障碍 跨栏的栏或者比赛  regulatory 形 监管的 管理的  liability 名 责任 债务 多指法律规定要承担的
	There are a number of hurdles to overcome in delivering automated vehicles to our roads. These include the regulatory challenges in understanding how liability and enforcement might change when drivers are no longer essential for vehicle operation.


8. conquer 动 征服 占领 克服解决
	These can most probably be conquered within the next 10 years. 

