1. foliage 名 叶子 一个植物上面所有的叶子  branch 动 树木出枝桠 名 分支  bell 名 铃  encase 动 包住  flesh 名 肉 指人的动物的 果肉  husk 名 外皮 外壳 前者多指水果后者种子  ridge 名 山脊 屋脊  shiny 形 闪亮的 由于干净抛光而反射光 词根照耀  crimson 形 深红色的 名 深红色 倾向于紫色  spice 名 香料 用于调味食品
	The tree is thickly branched with dense foliage of tough, dark green oval leaves, and produces small, yellow, bell-shaped flowers and pale yellow pear-shaped fruits. The fruit is encased in a flesh husk. When the fruit is ripe, this husk splits into two halves along a ridge running the length of the fruit. Inside is a purple-brown shiny seed, 2-3 cm long by about 2 cm across, surrounded by a lacy red or crimson covering called an ‘aril’. These are the sources of the two spices nutmeg and mace.


2. costly 名 昂贵的 代价高的有一些不好意味  preservative 名 防腐剂 词根保护也有保存食品的意思  preservative agent 名 还是防腐剂 后者有化学中剂的意思
	Nutmeg was a highly prized and costly ingredient in European cuisine in the Middle Ages, and was used as a flavouring, medicinal, and preservative agent. Throughout this period, the Arabs were the exclusive importers of the spice to Europe.


3. Portuguese 形 葡萄牙的 名 前加那啥葡萄牙人 葡萄牙语  Portugal 名 葡萄牙  subcontract 动 分包转包  Dutch 形 荷兰的 名 前面加个那个就是复数荷兰人 荷兰语  Netherlands 名 荷兰
	Always in danger of competition from neighbouring Spain, the Portuguese began subcontracting their spice distribution to Dutch traders. Profits began to flow into the Netherlands, and the Dutch commercial fleet swiftly grew into one of the largest in the world. The Dutch quietly gained control of most of the shipping and trading of spices in Northern Europe. 


4. soar 名 高飞 猛增 两个足矣
	As prices for pepper, nutmeg, and other spices soared across Europe, they decided to fight back.


5. operation 名 企业  plague 名 瘟疫 动 困扰  contagious 形 传染性的  contagion 名 疾病传染 有传染的意思也有疾病的意思   desperate 形 绝望的 极渴望的  cure 名 药物 治疗 动 治疗  spare no expense 不惜一切代价 花任何钱去买一样东西  be willing to 愿意乐意去做 中间的应该是形容词
	By 1617, the VOC was the richest commercial operation in the world. At the same time, thousands of people across Europe were dying of the plague, a highly contagious and deadly disease. Doctors were desperate for a way to stop the spread of this disease, and they decided nutmeg held the cure. Everybody wanted nutmeg, and many were willing to spare no expense to have it.


6. uproot 动 连根拔起 多指植物 将某人从家熟悉的地方移走 迁移  plantation 名 种植园  seedling 名 幼苗 词源种子  authority 名 权威即专家 权力 当局即官方拥有政治管理权力多为复数 词源作者
	They concentrated all nutmeg production into a few easily guarded areas, uprooting and destroying any trees outside the plantation zones. Anyone caught growing a nutmeg seedling or carrying seeds without the proper authority was severely punished. 


7. obstacle 名 障碍  sliver 名 长薄片  treaty 名 条约 政治上的 合同 法律上的 词根对待
	There was only one obstacle to Dutch domination. One of the Banda Islands, a sliver of land called Run, only 3 km long by less than 1 km wide, was under the control of the British. The Treaty of Breda, in 1667.


8. smuggle 动 走私 偷带 走私指非法将某物拿出进某国家  smog 名 烟雾  volcanic 形 火山的  volcano 名 火山  eruption 名 爆发 喷发 多指火山喷泉  erupt 动 爆发 喷发 多指火山喷泉  tsunami 名 海啸  grove 名 树丛  seize 动 夺取 特指军队  transplant 动 移植 用于植物也可用于人的器官
	Then, in 1770, a Frenchman named Pierre Poivre successfully smuggled nutmeg plants to safety in Mauritius, an island off the coast of Africa.  Next, in 1778, a volcanic eruption in the Banda region caused a tsunami that wiped out half the nutmeg groves. Finally, in 1809, the British returned to Indonesia and seized the Banda Islands by force. They returned the islands to the Dutch in 1817, but not before transplanting hundreds of nutmeg seedlings to plantations in several locations across southern Asia.




