1. populate 动 居住于  outlive 动 活得比什么长  invisible 形 看不见的 无形的  naked 形 裸体的 无保护的肉眼的ubiquitous 形 普遍存在的  coral 名 珊瑚  utterly 副 完全的不需要限定 绝对的  mess with 干涉干扰 给某人某事带来麻烦  mess 动 弄脏  peril 名 危险 比较巨大的  at one's peril 冒险 自己承担风险 用于警告
	Microbes, most of them bacteria, have populated this planet since long before animal life developed and they will outlive us. Invisible to the naked eye, they are ubiquitous. They inhabit the soil, air, rocks and water and are present within every form of life, from seaweed and coral to dogs and humans. And, as Yong explains in his utterly absorbing and hugely important book we mess with them at our peril.


2. colony 名 殖民地  trillion 名 万亿
	Every species has its own colony of microbes, called a ‘microbiome’, and these microbes vary not only between species but also between individuals and within different parts of each individual. What is amazing is that while the number of human cells in the average person is about 30 trillion, the number of microbial ones is higher – about 39 trillion.


3. gut 名 内脏
	In each human there are microbes that live only in the stomach, the mouth or the armpit and by and large they do so peacefully. So ‘bad’ microbes are just microbes out of context. Microbes that sit contentedly in the human gut can become deadly if they find their way into the bloodstream.


4. bizarre 形 古怪的  in a bid to 为了 试图
	It’s a fascinating topic and Yong, a young British science journalist, is an extraordinarily adept guide. Writing with lightness and panache, he has a knack of explaining complex science in terms that are both easy to understand and totally enthralling. Yong is on a mission. Leading us gently by the hand, he takes us into the world of microbes – a bizarre, alien planet – in a bid to persuade us to love them as much as he does.


5. potent 形 迅速见效的 如药毒品 强有力的  magnify 动 放大 夸大 是放大镜的词根  teem 动 充满  It was not until 直到
	The first man to see these extraordinarily potent creatures was a Dutch lens-maker called Antony van Leeuwenhoek in the 1670s. Using microscopes of his own design that could magnify up to 270 times, he examined a drop of water from a nearby lake and found it teeming with tiny creatures he called ‘animalcules’. It wasn’t until nearly two hundred years later that the research of French biologist Louis Pasteur indicated that some microbes caused disease.


6. plea 名 请求 恳求 辩护  yoghurt 名 酸奶  supposedly 副 据说 词根就是假设认为  foe 名 敌人 反对者   symbiotic 形 共生的  mutually 副 互相
	Yong’s book is in many ways a plea for microbial tolerance, pointing out that while fewer than one hundred species of bacteria bring disease, many thousands more play a vital role in maintaining our health. The book also acknowledges that our attitude towards bacteria is not a simple one. We tend to see the dangers posed by bacteria, yet at the same time we are sold yoghurts and drinks that supposedly nurture ‘friendly’ bacteria. In reality, says Yong, bacteria should not be viewed as either friends or foes, villains or heroes. Instead we should realise we have a symbiotic relationship, that can be mutually beneficial or mutually destructive.


7. toxin 名 毒素 和有毒的有点关系吧  toxic 形 有毒的 有害的  vitamin 名 维生素 维他命  combat 动 战斗  obesity 名 肥胖  obsession 名 着迷 困扰  hygiene 名 卫生 卫生学  antibiotic 名 抗生素  responsible 形 负有责任的  soar 动 翱翔 高飞 猛增  allergy 名 过敏  bowel 名 肠
	The answer is pretty much everything. New research is now unravelling the ways in which bacteria aid digestion, regulate our immune systems, eliminate toxins, produce vitamins, affect our behaviour and even combat obesity. ‘Our obsession with hygiene, our overuse of antibiotics and our unhealthy, low-fibre diets are disrupting the bacterial balance and may be responsible for soaring rates of allergies and immune problems, such as inflammatory bowel disease.


8. excessive 形 过高的 过度的  excess 名 过度  detergent 名 洗涤剂  upside down 颠倒的
	The most recent research actually turns accepted norms upside down. For example, there are studies indicating that the excessive use of household detergents and antibacterial products actually destroys the microbes that normally keep the more dangerous germs at bay. Other studies show that keeping a dog as a pet gives children early exposure to a diverse range of bacteria, which may help protect them against allergies later.


9. decidedly 副 确实地 无疑肯定 决定的过去式怎么就这么事多呢  unglamorous 形 单调乏味的  glamorous 形 有吸引力通过一种富有魅力的方式  glamor 名 魅力 一种吸引人的能力   fungus 名 真菌  wipe 动 擦  wipe out 擦去 消灭  squid 名 鱿鱼  
	The readers of Yong’s book must be prepared for a decidedly unglamorous world. Among the less appealing case studies is one about a fungus that is wiping out entire populations of frogs and that can be halted by a rare microbial bacterium. Another is about squid that carry luminescent bacteria that protect them against predators.


10. mosquito 名 蚊子  dengue 名 登革热  fever 名 发烧  coat 动 涂上 覆盖  cocktail 名 鸡尾酒
	Already, in an attempt to stop mosquitoes spreading dengue fever – a disease that infects 400 million people a year – mosquitoes are being loaded with a bacterium to block the disease. In the future, our ability to manipulate microbes means we could construct buildings with useful microbes built into their walls to fight off infections. Just imagine a neonatal hospital ward coated in a specially mixed cocktail of microbes so that babies get the best start in life.




