1. revered 形 受尊敬的  revere 动 尊敬 崇敬 正式的单词  few and far between 罕见的 稀少的  handful 名 一把 少量 使用方式都是那啥  bearded 形 有胡子的  beard 名 胡须
	Across cultures, wisdom has been considered one of the most revered human qualities. Although the truly wise may seem few and far between, empirical research examining wisdom suggests that it isn’t an exceptional trait possessed by a small handful of bearded philosophers after all – in fact, the latest studies suggest that most of us have the ability to make wise decisions, given the right context.


2. experiential 形 经验的  situational 形 环境造成的  powerful 形 强有力的  shape 动 形成或产生 影响   personality 名 个性 人格气质　cumulatively 副 累积地  cumulate 累积
	It appears that experiential, situational, and cultural factors are even more powerful in shaping wisdom than previously imagined,’ says Associate Professor Igor Grossmann of the University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada. ‘Recent empirical findings from cognitive, developmental, social, and personality psychology cumulatively suggest that people’s ability to reason wisely varies dramatically across experiential and situational contexts.


3. solely 副 不涉及到任何其他人事 仅仅  inner 形 里面的 核心的
	It is impossible to characterize thought processes attributed to wisdom without considering the role of contextual factors,’ explains Grossmann. ‘In other words, wisdom is not solely an “inner quality” but rather unfolds as a function of situations people happen to be in.


4. identify 动 辨认 认出 确定  characteristic 名 特征点 形 典型的 和词根又有什么区别呢  framework 名 框架  humility 名 谦逊  sensitivity 名 敏感性 灵敏性  compromise 动 妥协
	Coming up with a definition of wisdom is challenging, but Grossmann and his colleagues have identified four key characteristics as part of a framework of wise reasoning. One is intellectual humility or recognition of the limits of our own knowledge. Sensitivity to the possibility of change in social relations is also key, along with compromise or integration of different attitudes and beliefs.


5. viewpoint 名 观点 观看位置 单词字面意思  focal 形 焦点的 同根词有焦点  interpersonal 形 人际的  ideal 名 理想 形 理想的  impartiality 名 公正 公平  impartial 形 公正的 词源为部分的反义词  expansive 形 广阔的  cognitive 形 认知的
	Research suggests that when adopting a first-person viewpoint we focus on ‘the focal features of the environment’ and when we adopt a third-person, ‘observer’ viewpoint we reason more broadly and focus more on interpersonal and moral ideals such as justice and impartiality. Looking at problems from this more expansive viewpoint appears to foster cognitive processes related to wise decisions.


6. disagreement 名 分歧 争论  spouse 名 配偶  negotiate 动 商定 谈判  stake 名 赌注 桩
	What are we to do, then, when confronted with situations like a disagreement with a spouse or negotiating a contract at work, that require us to take a personal stake? Grossmann argues that even when we aren’t able to change the situation, we can still evaluate these experiences from different perspectives.


7. visualize 动 使形象化 想象 词根实力更直接的关系是  unresolved 形 未解决的  outsider 名 一个不属于特定组织的人 词根自然  egocentric 形 自我为中心的  ego 名 自我 一个人对于自尊自己重要性的感觉  egoism 名 利己主义 形容词变法同利他
	In another study, couples in long-term romantic relationships were instructed to visualize an unresolved relationship conflict either through the eyes of an outsider or from their own perspective. Participants then discussed the incident with their partner for 10 minutes, after which they wrote down their thoughts about it. Couples in the ‘other’s eyes’ condition were significantly more likely to rely on wise reasoning – recognizing others’ perspectives and searching for a compromise – compared to the couples in the egocentric condition.


8. openness 名 坦诚 开放 开放性 词根自然  agreeableness 名 随和亲和性 词根同意  agreeable 形 亲切友善的 令人愉快的  contextual 形 上下文的 和环境相关的  informative 形 提供有用消息的 词源信息  retaliate 动 报复  generalized 形 广义的 普遍的 疾病影响整个身体并非局部 医学上
	Research shows only a small positive relationship between wise thinking and crystallized intelligence and the personality traits of openness and agreeableness. ‘It is remarkable how much people can vary in their wisdom from one situation to the next, and how much stronger such contextual effects are for understanding the relationship between wise judgment and its social and affective outcomes as compared to the generalized “traits”,’ Grossmann explains. ‘That is, knowing how wisely a person behaves in a given situation is more informative for understanding their emotions or likelihood to forgive or retaliate as compared to knowing whether the person may be wise “in general”.’




