1. pyramid 名 金字塔 棱锥  monument 名 纪念碑丰碑 一个持久值得纪念的例子  grand 形 壮观的 傲慢的  tribute 名 致敬 敬意 贡品  brilliant 形 杰出的 鲜艳的
	The pyramids are the most famous monuments of ancient Egypt and still hold enormous interest for people in the present day. These grand, impressive tributes to the memory of the Egyptian kings have become linked with the country even though other cultures. However, there is no question that, as far as Egypt is concerned, it began with one monument to one king designed by one brilliant architect: the Step Pyramid of Djoser at Saqqara.


2. reign 名 统治在位时期 动 在特定领域最重要最好 某个情境主导条件  tomb 名 坟墓  rectangular 形 长方形的  rectangle 名 长方形  passage 名 走廊 通过 词根通过 注意和乘客不同  conceive 动 构想出 怀孕  slab 名 厚板 大厚平的石头或混凝土特别是形状长方形三角形 大块蛋糕面包巧克力  decease 动 死亡 亡故
	Prior to Djoser’s reign, tombs were rectangular monuments made of dried clay brick, which covered underground passages where the deceased person was buried. For reasons which remain unclear, Djoser’s main official, whose name was Imhotep, conceived of building a taller, more impressive tomb for his king by stacking stone slabs on top of one another, progressively making them smaller, to form the shape now known as the Step Pyramid.


3. thoroughly 副 彻底的 完全 注意和那个介词不同  inward 形 内心的 向内的
	The Step Pyramid has been thoroughly examined and investigated over the last century. Historian Marc Van de Mieroop comments on this, writing ‘Much experimentation was involved, which is especially clear in the construction of the pyramid in the center of the complex. The weight of the enormous mass was a challenge for the builders, who placed the stones at an inward incline in order to prevent the monument breaking up.’


4. complex 名 建筑群 综合体  courtyard 名 庭院 前半部有法庭意思  shrine 名 圣殿 圣地  quarter 名 季度 四分之一 复数时意思是营房 住处 也是设立总部的词源  priest 名 祭司 牧师  hectare 名 公顷  trench 名 沟渠 战壕 动 挖沟渠战壕
	The complex in which it was built was the size of a city in ancient Egypt and included a temple, courtyards, shrines, and living quarters for the priests. It covered a region of 16 hectares and was surrounded by a wall 10.5 meters high. The wall had 13 false doors cut into it with only one true entrance cut into the south-east corner; the entire wall was then ringed by a trench 750 meters long and 40 meters wide.


5. chamber 名 大厅大型房间用于正式公共目的 私人房间特别是卧室  beneath 介副词 在下方  maze 名 迷宫  robber 名 抢劫者 强盗  vessel 名 容器 船  storeroom 名 储藏室 用于储藏物品的房间
	The burial chamber of the tomb, where the king’s body was laid to rest, was dug beneath the base of the pyramid, surrounded by a vast maze of long tunnels that had rooms off them to discourage robbers. One of the most mysterious discoveries found inside the pyramid was a large number of stone vessels. Over 40,000 of these vessels, of various forms and shapes, were discovered in storerooms off the pyramid’s underground passages. 


6. inscribe 动 题写 落款  ruler 名 统治者 尺子  shaft 名 矿井 竖井
	They are inscribed with the names of rulers from the First and Second Dynasties of Egypt and made from different kinds of stone. The archaeologist Jean-Philippe Lauer, who excavated most of the pyramid and complex, believes they were originally stored and then given a ‘proper burial’ by Djoser in his pyramid to honor his predecessors. There are other historians, however, who claim the vessels were dumped into the shafts as yet another attempt to prevent grave robbers from getting to the king’s burial chamber.


7. precaution 名 预防措施  intricate 形 错综复杂的  overlook 动 俯瞰 忽视  excavate 动 挖掘
	Unfortunately, all of the precautions and intricate design of the underground network did not prevent ancient robbers from finding a way in. Djoser’s grave goods, and even his body, were stolen at some point in the past and all archaeologists found were a small number of his valuables overlooked by the thieves. There was enough left throughout the pyramid and its complex, however, to astonish and amaze the archaeologists who excavated it.


8. milestone 名 里程碑 可以是公路上指示距离的 某物发展中的重要阶段或者是事件  archetype 名 原型 典型 后者更多
	Egyptologist Miroslav Verner writes, ‘Few monuments hold a place in human history as significant as that of the Step Pyramid in Saqqara. It can be said without exaggeration that this pyramid complex constitutes a milestone in the evolution of monumental stone architecture in Egypt and in the world as a whole.’ The Step Pyramid was a revolutionary advance in architecture and became the archetype which all the other great pyramid builders of Egypt would follow.







