1. caveman 名 穴居野人  cave 名 洞穴  slump 名动 骤降 猛跌 名 萧条期 动 重重地倒下  yonder 副 那边 过时语言方言  scout 名 侦查员 侦查 搜寻 动 侦查 搜寻 侦查用于指军事  quest 名 追寻 长且艰辛地寻找某物 动 寻找某物  nomadic 形 游牧的 流浪的  nomad 名 游牧部落成员 流浪者
	Long before the first caveman slumped down beside the fire and grunted news that there were plenty of wildebeest over yonder, our ancestors had learnt the value of sending out scouts to investigate the unknown. This questing nature of ours undoubtedly helped our species spread around the globe, just as it nowadays no doubt helps the last nomadic Penan maintain their existence in the depleted forests of Borneo, and a visitor negotiate the subways of New York.


2. peculiar 形 奇怪的 特别的  breed 名 品种 动 培育 繁育  astronomer 名 天文学家
	Over the years, we’ve come to think of explorers as a peculiar breed – different from the rest of us, different from those of us who are merely ‘well travelled’. That, however, doesn’t take away from the fact that we all have this enquiring instinct, even today; and that in all sorts of professions – whether artist, marine biologist or astronomer – borders of the unknown are being tested each day.


3. puny 形 弱小的 微不足道的形容数量小  irrelevant 形 无关紧要的 不相关的  crawl 动 爬  laboriously 副 艰苦地  laborious 形 辛苦的 费劲的 词根的词根劳动
	Explorer and travel writer Peter Fleming talks of the moment when the explorer returns to the existence he has left behind with his loved ones. The traveller ‘who has for weeks or months seen himself only as a puny and irrelevant alien crawling laboriously over a country in which he has no roots and no background, suddenly encounters his other self, a relatively solid figure, with a place in the minds of certain people’.


4. confine 动 限制 名 界限 此时是复数形式   scarcely 副 勉强 几乎不
	I have confined myself to those whose travels were real and who also aimed at more than personal discovery. We have scarcely mapped the ocean floors, and know even less about ourselves; we fully understand the workings of only 10 percent of our brains.


5. mountaineer 名 登山运动员  campaigner 名 运动参加者 为了一个积极目标工作的人 参战人员  so-called 形 所谓的 号称什么的  far-off 形 遥远的  stunt 名 噱头 特技
	Chris Bonington, a leading mountaineer, felt exploration was to be found in the act of physically touching the unknown: ‘You have to have gone somewhere new.’ Then Robin Hanbury-Tenison, a campaigner on behalf of remote so-called ‘tribal’ peoples, said, ‘A traveller simply records information about some far-off world, and reports back; but an explorer changes the world.’ Wilfred Thesiger, who crossed Arabia’s Empty Quarter in 1946, and belongs to an era of unmechanised travel now lost to the rest of us, told me, ‘If I’d gone across by camel when I could have gone by car, it would have been a stunt.’ 


6. endeavour 名 努力 事业 动 努力
	Each definition is slightly different – and tends to reflect the field of endeavour of each pioneer. It was the same whoever I asked: the prominent historian would say exploration was a thing of the past, the cutting-edge scientist would say it was of the present. 


7. expedition 名 探险远征  tribe 名 部落  tribal 形 部落的  continental 名 大陆的  continent 大陆 洲  graze 动 吃草 放牧  buffalo 名 水牛 野牛  disregard 名动 忽视  expedite 动 促进 加快 使动作或进程更快  facilitate 动 促进 使动作或进程更容易
	I’ve done a great many expeditions and each one was unique. I’ve lived for months alone with isolated groups of people all around the world, even two ‘uncontacted tribes’. The time has long passed for the great continental voyages – another walk to the poles, another crossing of the Empty Quarter. We know how the land surface of our planet lies; exploration of it is now down to the details – the habits of microbes, say, or the grazing behaviour of buffalo. Aside from the deep sea and deep underground, it’s the era of specialists. However, this is to disregard the role the human mind has in conveying remote places; and this is what interests me: how a fresh interpretation, even of a well-travelled route, can give its readers new insights.


