1. chaos 混乱
	America's congressional chaos


2. disrupt 使中断 扰乱  disturb 打扰
	How China's reopening will disrupt the world economy


3. self-imposed 自愿承担的 自己强制施加没有外力的强迫  impose 强制实行  quarantine 检疫隔离
	After nearly three years of self-imposed isolation, China said it would reopen its borders on January 8th. People arriving from abroad will no longer have to quarantine.


4. realistic 切实可行的
	A realistic path to a better relationship between Britain and the EU


5. turmoil 混乱
	The question of Europe has caused a decade of turmoil. Here’s how to use the next ten years better


6. headquarters 总部 注意必须有艾斯才有这种意思 去掉艾斯的意思是设立总部 是动词   cunning 狡猾的 巧妙的 贬义 自己就是词根 单打独斗  cement 巩固 水泥 前动后名  fundamental 基本的 根本的 关键的  foundation 基础  found 创建  bloc 阵营 集团  referendum 公民公决 公民投票
	Britain’s prime minister at the time, gave a speech at the London headquarters of Bloomberg, a news organisation. In it Mr Cameron outlined his cunning plan to cement Britain’s place in the European Union, by triggering a fundamental reform of the bloc and then offering Britons an in-out referendum on membership.


7. exacerbate 使恶化 使加剧  malaise 不舒服 莫名不安 难以描述的问题  gum up 使运转不灵 搞糟  gum 口香糖 胶 牙龈  mute 哑巴 缄默的 静音  sour 使恶化 使变酸 酸的  ally 同盟国
	That went well. The 2016 vote to leave the bloc has exacerbated Britain’s economic malaise, gumming up trade and muting investment. It has soured Britain’s relationship with many of its natural allies and weakened the bonds of its own union.


8. infect 传染  destructive 破坏性的  destruct 摧毁  destroy 破坏  overestimate 高估
	Worst of all, it has infected British politics with a destructive strain of magical thinking. Mr Cameron himself was an early victim, badly overestimating the EU’s willingness to change its fundamental principles in order to suit Britain. 


9. succumb 屈服  hocus-pocus 魔术戏法
	Remainers, too, succumb to hocus-pocus if they think that the split can be simply undone.



10. nurture 培养  consensus 一致意见 一致看法 一致同意  consent 同意 赞同  ultimatum 最后通牒  ultimate 最终的 终极的  cliff 悬崖
	It will mean nurturing trust and consensus, rather than holding winner-takes-all referendums and presenting ultimatums in Brussels. Anyone can jump off a cliff. Climbing one is far harder.


11. reckon 认为 估计  faithful 信徒 忠实支持者 忠诚的  heresy 异教邪说  dividend 股息  红利 词源少末尾连个字母的那个 经济学术语  trail 追踪 踪迹 小路  modest 不多的 有限的
	One think-tank reckons that the economy would be more than 5% bigger now if Britain had stayed in the EU. Yet among the Brexit faithful truth-telling is still heresy. In December the Conservative government trailed modest reforms to the financial-services industry as a Brexit dividend, when many of the changes had nothing to do with the EU. 


12. is committed to doing 致力于 委身于  committed 尽心尽力的  commit 承诺 使承诺 提交   legislation 名词 法律 立法  legislate 动词 立法
	The government is still committed to replacing or repealing all retained EU legislation by the end of 2023, a goal that promises pointless disruption.


13. privileged 享有特权的 荣幸的  privilege 特权 荣幸  a host of 许多 大量  host 许多
	It would gladly turn back the clock to 2016, when Britain enjoyed a privileged status as an influential EU member with a host of opt-outs.


14. veto 动词否决 名词否决权 禁止
	But rejoining will be vetoed by EU governments until there is a rock-solid political and social consensus in favour of membership.


15. reanimate 鼓舞 使重新活跃  animate 激励 使有生气  animation 动画片 生气   toxic 有毒的 有害的  polarisation 两极化 分化  membership 成员资格 会员资格
	Returning to the question of membership now would reanimate the toxic polarisation of the Brexit years.


16. pragmatic 务实的 实用主义的  comprise 由构成 组成
	The pragmatic path to a better relationship with Europe would instead comprise three stages: normalise, build, reimagine.


17. credit 赞扬
	Rishi Sunak, the prime minister, already deserves some credit on this score: quiet cooperation in areas from the North Sea to migration is under way.


18. count for little 无足轻重  count for 有价值  reach 达到 达成  deal 协议 交易 处理  regulator 监管机构  regulate 控制 调节
	But that will count for little if he cannot reach a workable deal on the Northern Ireland protocol. Doing so would unlock more goodies, from participation in scientific-research schemes to closer co-operation among regulators.

















Yet among the Brexit faithful truth-telling is still heresy.








