1. individual 形 单独的 个人的 名 个人  sidestep 回避 侧跨步躲开
	An individual program can react to errors by sidestepping the usual stack discipline and making nonlocal jumps to arbitrary locations in other functions.


2. pivotal 关键的
	This chapter is pivotal in the sense that you will begin to learn how your applications interact with the operating system.


3. anatomy 剖析 解剖学  anatomical 解剖学的  analogy 类比  dissect 解剖 剖析
	Anatomy of an exception.


4. abort 中止 流产  interrupt 打断 暂停/中断
	The handler aborts the interrupted program.


5. subroutine 子程序 子例程
	In any case, when the processor detects that the event has occurred, it makes an indirect procedure call (the exception), through a jump table called an exception table, to an operating system subroutine (the exception handler) that is specifically designed to process this particular kind of event. 


6. demystify 使明白易懂  mystify 使困惑 使神秘化  mystic 神秘主义者 神秘的  mystical 神秘的 神秘主义的  mystery 神秘/神秘事物
	Our aim in this section is to give you a general understanding of exceptions and exception handling and to help demystify what is often a confusing aspect of modern computer systems.


7. labor 劳动  division 分开 除法  the division of labor 分工
	Let’s look at the division of labor between hardware and software in more detail.


8. akin 类似的
	An exception is akin to a procedure call, but with some important differences:


9. cipher 密码  devise 设计
	One of the most secure cipher algorithms ever devised ... encrypt cyper


10. irrelevant 无关紧要的
	There's also a paper on extended variants of TEA which addresses a couple of minor weaknesses (irrelevant in almost all real- world applications), and introduces a block variant of the algorithm which can be even faster in some circumstances.


11. cryptanalysis 名词密码破译
	Very. There have been no known successful cryptanalyses of TEA.


12. inefficient 效率低的  efficient 效率高的
	It would be an inefficient use of the address space because portions of the space would be allocated even if a process didn’t use the library. 


13. a handful of 少量的 一把
	The motivation for lazy binding is that a typical application program will call only a handful of the hundreds or thousands of functions exported by a shared library such as libc.so. 


14. compact 紧凑的  somewhat 有点
	Lazy binding is implemented with a compact yet somewhat complex interaction between two data structures: the GOT and the procedure linkage table (PLT).


15. interposition 插入 插值
	Linux linkers support a powerful technique, called library interpositioning, that allows you to intercept calls to shared library functions and execute your own code instead. 


16. stumble 绊倒
	From time to time, when disassembling x86 binaries, I stumble on reference to PLT and GOT, especially when calling procedures from a dynamic library.


17. conjunction 结合
	When used in conjunction with the PLT, GOT[0] and GOT[1] contain information that the dynamic linker uses when it resolves function addresses. 


18. opt 选择
	Unix does not attempt to recover from divide errors, opting instead to abort the program.


19. infamous 臭名昭著的 无耻的
	The infamous general protection fault (exception 13) occurs for many reasons, usually because a program references an undefined area of virtual memory or because the program attempts to write to a read-only text segment. 


20. profound 巨大的 深邃的
	Exceptions are the basic building blocks that allow the operating system kernel to provide the notion of a process, one of the most profound and successful ideas in computer science.






























