1. vital 极其重要的  sensible 明智的 合理的  sensitive 敏感  clutch 离合器 抓紧  bolt-on 附加的 额外的  agreement 协议 同意 意见一致  principally 主要的  principal 最重要的 校长  和那个原则单词没关系 但是读音一样  ease 动 缓解 减轻 名 轻松 容易  in power 执政 掌权
	That is a vital opportunity to fatten the deal. The Labour Party, which may well be in power then, has proposed adding a sensible clutch of bolt-on agreements, principally easing the movement of some people and of food products.


2. tendency 倾向 趋势  diplomatic 外交的 外交人员的  diplomat 外交官  graft 名/动 用力工作 移植
	Labour must watch its own tendency towards magical thinking, which is to assume that not being Tories will be enough to win the EU over. But with hard diplomatic graft, it is possible to expand the TCA.


3. revision 修改 修正 复习  revise 修改 修订 复习  marginally 些微地  marginal 微不足道的 边缘的  margin 边缘  offset 抵消 弥补 偏移量
	Even these revisions will only marginally offset the economic harm done by leaving the EU. 


4. truculent 好斗的 爱争吵的  terrain 地带  sketch 素描 概述  aftermath 后果 如战争
	But a deal that suits Norway, a small, stable place whose main exports are oil, gas and fish, is much less suited to a large, truculent services-based economy like Britain. More promising is the terrain sketched out by Theresa May in the aftermath of the Brexit vote: 


5. autonomy 自治 自主性
	While retaining autonomy in services. Rejoining the customs union may eventually be possible.


6. dogmatic 教条主义的  aversion 厌恶  canny 精明谨慎的  interest 利益  betrayal 名词 背叛 辜负  betray 动词 背叛 出卖  betrayer 叛徒 背叛者  evaporate 蒸发 消失
	For the British, it would mean abandoning a dogmatic aversion to EU law for a cannier approach rooted in strategic self-interest. For Tory Eurosceptics, this will sound like betrayal. Yet if public support for their project is not to evaporate, the economy needs to grow. 


7. regime 政权 制度  boon 好处  aspire 渴望 有志于  regulatory 监管的 管理的
	Binding Britain back into the EU’s regime for chemicals, agriculture or state aid would be a boon for a bloc that aspires to be a regulatory superpower. 


8. bespoke 定制的  bespeak 表明 预订 前者也是它的过去式  ponder 仔细考虑  aspiration 志向 渴望  impetus 名词 动力 促进因素  forge 建立 伪造 假冒  enduring 持久的  endure 忍耐 持续存在  realism 真实性 现实主义
	A bespoke relationship with Britain would also fit into a wider rethinking of Europe’s architecture. Over the coming decade the EU will need to ponder how to manage the aspirations of Ukraine and the western Balkan states which wish to join. Old debates about variable geometry and a multi-speed Europe will be given fresh impetus. Forging an enduring relationship between Britain and the EU will take time, hard work and realism. But there is still room for imagination.
















