1. diplomacy 名词 外交 外交手段  diploma 毕业文凭  feudal 封建的  lord 君主 主  diplomat  diplomatic 
	Diplomacy was in his blood, his ancestors had been feudal lords. 


2. disarm 动词 缴械 解除武装 裁军  disarmament 裁军  armament 武器 军备 (词根 arm)
	Prayer was his armament.


3. encircle 动词 包围 环绕  encirclement 名词 环绕
	Trees encircle the house.


4. encroach 侵犯 侵占 逐步侵占 蚕食  mean to do 打算做 有意做
	I did not mean to encroach upon your property.


5. enlist 动 招募 寻求帮助 参军  enlistment 名 招募 服役期间
	They hoped to enlist the help of the public in solving the crime.

6. envelop 包围 信封 和那啥有同根词关系 envelope 信封
	His energy, warmth, and curiosity envelop you like a blanket.


7. exterminate 动 消灭  extinct 灭绝的  extinction 灭绝
	A huge effort was made to exterminate the rats.They have driven the rhino to the edge of extinction.


8. insurrection 暴动 叛乱  insurgent 词根 名 反叛者 形 叛乱的  rebellion 名 反抗 谋反 叛乱  rebel 动 反叛 名 反叛者  revolt 对权威 反抗  riot 名 动 暴动 骚乱  mutiny 兵变 叛乱
	Pakistan denies sponsoring any insurgent groups.Discontent among the ship's crew finally led to the outbreak of mutiny.


9. martial 军事的  military 军事的 军用的  militant 名 激进分子 形 好斗的 和其他无任何词根关系  warfare 战争
	All the men now face court martial. 


10. onslaught 猛击
	The town survives the onslaught of tourists every summer. 



11. repulse 击退 拒绝  impulse 冲动 脉冲 
	The armed forces were prepared to repulse any attacks.


12. trespass 擅自进入 侵入 侵占  intrude 侵扰
	I mustn't trespass on your time any longer.


13. truce 停战
	The local government and the army negotiated a truce.


14. wreck 失事  shipwreck 海难
	He was killed in a car wreck.


15. cannon 大炮 加农炮
	The stillness of the night was broken by the boom of a cannon.


16. fortress 堡垒 要塞  castle 城堡
	Fear of terrorist attack has turned the conference centre into a fortress. 


17. radar 雷达
	They located the ship by radar.


18. armada 西班牙 无敌舰队 舰队  fleet 舰队 船队 星号队  flotilla 小船队
	The Spanish Armada was sent to attack England in 1588.


19. bellicose 好斗的 好战的
	He expressed alarm about the government's increasingly bellicose statements.


20. morale 士气 斗志
	The news has done wonders for our morale.


21. navy 海军 藏青色 深蓝色  troop 队伍 部队 军队
	He was enlisted into the US Navy.A troop of guests was moving towards the house. 








