1. civilization 文明  civil 形容词 民事的 公民的
	There is considerable debate over how we should react if we detect a signal from an alien civilisation.


2. bicker 动/名 为小事 斗嘴
	Don't bicker with your younger brother.


3. brawl 动/名 斗殴 争吵  somewhere 某个地方
	He was killed in a brawl, somewhere about midsummer.


4. controversial 有争议的  controversy 争论  contrast 对比 差异  on the contrary 正相反  contrary 相反的  converse 交谈 相反之物  convert 转变  converge 收敛 汇聚 相交
	He is no stranger to controversy.


5. counter 柜台 计数器 反驳
	They countered with a different proposal.


6. disprove 反驳 证明是假的  in default of 因缺少  default 违约 拖欠
	They accepted what he had said in default of any evidence to disprove it.


7. dissension 纠纷  dissent 异议 不同意
	The tax cut issue has caused dissension among administration officials. 


8. eloquence 口才 雄辩  eloquent 能言善辩的 口才好的
	She was struck by his simple, spellbinding eloquence.


9. gainsay 否认 反驳
	No one can gainsay his honesty.


10. rebut 反驳  refute 驳斥 反驳  rejoinder 反驳  retort 反驳 回嘴
	Ready to learn something，ready to rebut.


11. squabble 为琐事 争吵  wrangle 同为琐事 争吵
	Mother is devoted to Dad although they squabble all the time.


12. tiff 争执 拌嘴  patch up 修补  patch 补丁 修补
	They patched up their tiff again.


13. dweller 居住者  habitable 适合居住的 和那啥并无同根词关系
	Man is a dweller on the earth.


14. humidity 湿度 潮湿  humid 潮湿的 湿热的
	The humidity is relatively low.


15. inhospitable 不友好的 不适合居住的 和那啥并没有关系
	That's probably the most bare, bleak, barren and inhospitable island I've ever seen.


16. microbial 微生物的  microbe 微生物
	Previously it was thought there were around 100, 000 microbial cells in every litre of seawater but scientists now think there could be one billion.


17. orbiter 不回收的 人造卫星 轨道飞行器  orbit 轨道  planetary 行星的
	China's first planetary probe, the tiny Yinghuo-1 orbiter, will also hitch a ride to Mars with Phobos-Grunt.


18. primitive 原始的
	Primitive humans needed to be able to react like this to escape from dangerous animals.


19. ultraviolet 紫外线的  violet 形/名 紫罗兰 紫色  ultra 极端的 过激的
	Exposure to ultraviolet light is closely linked to skin cancer.


20. ferret 雪貂 搜寻  grope 探索 摸索
	Collaborating with the IMF, it is meant to ferret out macroeconomic and financial risks.At midday you will grope about like a blind man in the dark.

 
21. venture 冒险 企业  flushed 脸红的 激动的 兴奋的  flush 冲洗 冲水 脸红 同花
	Grace was flushed with the success of the venture. 


22. stifle 扼杀 使窒息  choke 名窒息 动使窒息  cough 咳嗽
	The two world wars, which interrupted the supply of raw material from Japan, also stifled the European silk industry.


23. assault 袭击 攻击
	The paper's assault on the president was totally unjustified.


24. besiege 围攻 围困  siege 名 围攻 围困
	The main part of the army moved to Sevastopol to besiege the town.


25. blockade 名/动 封锁 和去掉末尾三个字母的单词有词源的关系
	It's not yet clear who will actually enforce the blockade. 


26. classified 分类的 机密的  classify 分类
	This is true regardless of how we classify the service.


27. collision 碰撞 冲突  conflict 冲突
	There was a slight collision but my car was undamaged.
















