1. outline 名 轮廓 大纲 动 概述 画轮廓   perspective 名 观点 透视法 一种画画的手法   prospect 名 希望 前景 动 勘探
	From a number of recent studies, it has become clear that blind people can appreciate the use of outlines and perspectives to describe the arrangement of objects and other surfaces in space.


2. dramatically 副 剧烈地 显著地 戏剧性地  initiative 名 主动性 倡议  initiate 动 开始  initiation 名 开始 入门  spin 动 旋转 快速旋转 纺织
	This fact was drawn to my attention dramatically when a blind woman in one of my investigations decided on her own initiative to draw a wheel as it was spinning. 


3. rendition 名 演绎 表演 词源渲染
	When I asked several other blind study subjects to draw a spinning wheel, one particularly clever rendition appeared repeatedly: several subjects showed the wheel’s spokes as curves lines. 


4. wavy 形 波浪的  wave 名 波浪 挥手 动 挥手  waved 形 波浪的  apt 形 恰当的 易于做某事的   idiosyncratic 形 独特的  sighted 形 有视力的  sight 名 视力 看见 景象  vision 名 视力 想象  motion 名 运动
	But was it a better indicator than, say, broken or wavy lines or any other kind of line, for that matter? The answer was not clear. So I decided to test whether various lines of motion were apt ways of showing movement or if they were merely idiosyncratic marks. Moreover, I wanted to discover whether there were differences in how the blind and the sighted interpreted lines of motion.


5. spoke 名 辐条  curve 名 曲线 动 弯曲  bend 动 使 弯曲  dash 动 猛冲 名 猛冲 破折号  dashed 形 虚线的 由破折号组成的  perimeter 名 周长  wobbling 形 摇晃的  wobble 名动 摇晃  jerk 名动 突然一动 抽搐  brake 名动 刹车
	To search out these answers, I created raised-line drawings of five different wheels, depicting spokes with lines that curved, bent, waved, dashed and extended beyond the perimeters of the wheel. I then asked eighteen blind volunteers to feel the wheels and assign one of the following motions to each wheel: wobbling, spinning fast, spinning steadily, jerking or braking. 


6. metaphor 名 隐喻 比喻
	We have found that the blind understand other kinds of visual metaphors as well. 


7. deem 动 认为
	All our subjects deemed the circle soft and the square hard.


8. resemble 动 类似 像  resemblance 名 相似  assemble 动词 组装 集合 在计算机领域指将高级语言转换为机器代码  assembly 名 组装 集合 汇编
	When we tested four totally blind volunteers using the same list, we found that their choices closely resembled those made by the sighted subjects.










