1. stem 名 植物或灌木的主体或茎 动 起源  legacy 名 遗产
	The norm was to remove the stems of highest quality and leave behind poorly formed trees that were not as well suited to the site where they grew. This practice, called 'high-grading', has left a legacy of 'low-use wood' in the forests. Some people even call these 'junk trees', and they are abundant in Pennsylvania. These trees have lower economic value for traditional timber markets, compete for growth with higher-value trees.


2. combustion 名 燃烧 氧化  combust 动 燃烧  boiler 名 锅炉 烧水的东西  plant 名 工厂 发电厂  
	Most wood used for energy in Pennsylvania is used to produce heat or electricity through combustion. Many schools and hospitals use wood boiler systems to heat and power their facilities, many homes are primarily heated with wood, and some coal plants incorporate wood into their coal streams to produce electricity. Wood can also be gasified for electrical generation and can even be made into liquid fuels like ethanol and gasoline for lorries and cars. All these products are made primarily from low-use wood. 


3. invasive 形 肆意蔓延的 扩散性的 入侵的 词根入侵  invade 动 入侵 侵略  tailor 名 裁缝 动 量身定做 定制  crown 名 王冠 冠军
	Removing invasive plants might be another primary goal of a TSI Cut. The stems that are left behind might then grow in size and develop more foliage and larger crowns or tops that produce more coverage for wildlife; they have a better chance to regenerate in a less crowded environment. TSI Cuts can be tailored to one farmer's specific management goals for his or her land.


4. pathogen 名 病原体 病菌 导致疾病的细菌 前缀同病理学  to name just/but/only a few 举几个例子 中间的三个任取其一甚至可以不要  vigorous 形 有力的 精力充沛的 蓬勃的  outbreak 名 爆发
	With the many pests and pathogens visiting forests including hemlock wooly adelgid, Asian longhorned beetle, emerald ash borer, and gypsy moth, to name just a few, it is important to remember that those working in the forests can help ease these issues through cutting procedures. These types of cut reduce the number of sick trees and seek to manage the future spread of a pest problem. They leave vigorous trees that have stayed healthy enough to survive the outbreak.


5. thinnings 名 幼苗水果树移除为了提升剩余者的生长条件 作为复数  retention 名 保留  bat 名 蝙蝠 球棒  hawthorn 名 山楂树  stay behind 留下
	Thinnings and dense and dead wood removal for fire prevention also center on the production of low-use wood. However, it is important to remember that some retention of what many would classify as low-use wood is very important. The tops of trees that have been cut down should be left on the site so that their nutrients cycle back into the soil. In addition, trees with many cavities are extremely important habitats for insect predators like woodpeckers, bats and small mammals. They help control problem insects and increase the health and resilience of the forest. It is also important to remember that not all small trees are low-use. For example, many species like hawthorn provide food for wildlife. Finally, rare species of trees in a forest should also stay behind as they add to its structural diversity.


