1. striking 形 惊人的 显著的 英译 吸引注意力以一种不寻常的原因  bear 动 结果 用于水果花作物 短语证实别忘  resplendently 形 耀眼的 通过极度五彩斑斓或奢华吸引人使人印象深刻  resplendent 形 华丽的 耀眼的  sprout 名 新芽 动 发芽 长出  peer 动 仔细看  dangle 动 悬荡 诱惑  intensely 副 极度 非常  flavoured 形 调味的 风味的  intensely flavoured 味道浓郁  tube 名 管 塑料 金属 木头材质都行
	On top of a striking new exhibition hall in southern Paris, the world's largest urban rooftop farm has started to bear fruit. Strawberries that are small, intensely flavoured and resplendently red sprout abundantly from large plastic tubes. Peer inside and you see the tubes are completely hollow, the roots of dozens of strawberry plants dangling down inside them. 


2. row upon row of 一排又一排的  aromatic 形 芳香的 有化学那方面的意思  herb 名 草药  pack 名 盒 包 动 打包 装进  coconut 名 椰子  cherry tomato 名 樱桃番茄 圣女果  aubergine 名 茄子 深紫色
	From identical vertical tubes nearby burst row upon row of lettuces; near those are aromatic herbs, such as basil, sage and peppermint. Opposite, in narrow, horizontal trays packed not with soil but with coconut fibre, grow cherry tomatoes, shiny aubergines and brightly coloured chards.


3. pitch 名 音高 场地 特指运动相关的 沥青  
	The urban rooftop space above the exhibition hall is somewhat bigger: 14,000 square metres and almost exactly the size of a couple of football pitches.


4. showcase 名 玻璃陈列柜 即橱窗展柜 展示场合 如本领优点等  field 动 处理 电话或困难问题  pesticide 名 杀虫剂  refrigerate 动 使冷却 冷藏  variety 名 种类 多样化  withstand 动 承受经受住  substantial 形 大量的 本质上  icide 后缀 杀什么的人或物 杀虫剂 自杀 故意杀人等  pest 名 害虫 有害生物
	Perhaps most significantly, however, this is a real-life showcase for the work of Hardy's flourishing urban agriculture consultancy, Agripolis, which is currently fielding enquiries from around the world. 'First, I don't much like the fact that most of the fruit and vegetables we eat have been treated with something like 17 different pesticides. I don't much like the fact, either, that they've travelled an average of 2,000 refrigerated kilometres to my plate, that their quality is so poor, because the varieties are selected for their capacity to withstand such substantial journeys


5. enrich 动 使丰富 充实  barely 副 仅仅 几乎不 
	Produce grown using this soil-free method, on the other hand - which relies solely on a small quantity of water, enriched with organic nutrients, pumped around a closed circuit of pipes, towers and trays - is 'produced up here, and sold locally, just down there. It barely travels at all,' Hardy says.


6. disused 形 废弃的  carpark 名 停车场 多用于英式  virtuous 形 品德高尚的 忠贞的特指女性  virtue 名 美德 优点 贞操  aeroponics 名 空气种植法 常用复数形式即所写 词源古希腊语
	Strawberries are being grown in disused shipping containers, mushrooms in underground carparks. Aeroponic farming, he says, is 'virtuous'. The equipment weighs little, can be installed on almost any flat surface and is cheap to buy: roughly €100 to €150 per square metre. It is cheap to run, too, consuming a tiny fraction of the electricity used by some techniques.


