1. lead up to 导致 作为...的准备  meditation 冥想 沉思  meditate 冥想 沉思 谋划   contemplation 沉思
	Abruptly, without anything to lead up to it, and as if the question had been born of long and silent meditation on his problem, he demanded:


2. thorn 刺 荆棘 茎上的刺  stem 茎
	"Even flowers that have thorns?"


3. resentfulness 愤懑 怨恨  resent 对感到愤恨 怨恨  resentful 气愤的 怨恨的  resentment 气愤
	There was a moment of complete silence. Then the little prince flashed back at me, with a kind of resentfulness:


4. naive 天真的 幼稚的  reassure 使安心 使消除疑虑
	I don't believe you! Flowers are weak creatures. They are naive .They reassure themselves as best they can. They believe that their thorns are terrible weapons


5. instant 立刻的 瞬间  instance 例子 情况  hammer 锤子
	I did not answer. At that instant I was saying to myself: "If this bolt still won't turn, I am going to knock it out with the hammer." Again the little prince disturbed my thoughts.


6. matters of consequence 正经事 重要的事
	"Oh, no!" I cried. "No, no no! I don't believe anything. I answered you with the first thing that came into my head. Don't you see I am very busy with matters of consequence!"
 

7. grease 润滑油 油脂
	He looked at me there, with my hammer in my hand, my fingers with engine-grease, bending down over an object which seemed to him extremely ugly ...


8. relentlessly 持续地 无情地  relentless 没完没了的 无情的 持续的  relent 减轻 缓和 变宽容
	They made me a little ashamed. But he went on, relentlessly:


9. breeze 微风
	He was really very angry. He tossed his golden curls in the breeze,


10. mushroom 蘑菇
	And that makes him swell up with pride. But he is not a man-he is a mushroom!"


11. white with rage 生气 气得脸色发白  rage 愤怒 流行
	The little prince was now white with rage.


12. warfare 战争
	Is the warfare between the sheep and the flowers not important?


13. bite 咬  bias 偏见 倾向 偏差  nowhere 哪里都不
	And if I know I, myself one flower which is unique in the world, which grows nowhere but on my planet, but which one little sheep can destroy in a single bite some morning, without even noticing what he is doing Oh!


14. blossom 花 开花
	If someone loves a flower, of which just one single blossom grows in all the millions and millions of stars, it is enough to make him happy just to look at the stars.


15. choke by sobbing 被抽泣哽咽  choke 窒息 哽咽  sob 啜泣
	He could not say anything more. His words were choked by sobbing.


16. comfort 动名词均有 舒适 安慰  rock 轻轻摇晃 岩石 摇滚
	On one star, one planet, my planet, the Earth, there was a little prince to be comforted. I took him in my arms, and rocked him. I said to him:


17. railing 栏杆  rail 铁路 铁轨 栏杆
	I will draw you a railing to put around your flower. 


18. awkward 令人尴尬的 笨拙的 棘手的  blundering 笨拙的  blunder 大错 犯大错
	I did not know what to say to him. I felt awkward and blundering.


19. be fond of 喜欢的
	I am very fond of sunsets. Come, let us go look at a sunset now."


20. twilight 黄昏
	You can see the day end and the twilight falling whenever you like ...















