1. vandal 蓄意破坏者  lock out 把关在门外  gap 空隙 差异
	From the outside, thieves, hackers, and vandals are looking for gaps. Most of us believe our homes are safe until one day, we find ourselves locked out. 


2. blind 失明的  more than enough 绰绰有余 充裕的  at bay 不让靠近 被困住  bind
	The problem is that most of us are blinded to potential problems by our own confidence or our belief that strong locks, thick doors, a high-end security system, and a guard dog are more than enough to keep most people at bay.


3. con 欺骗 骗局  casino 赌场   auction 拍卖  possessions  财产 unbeatable 无法战胜的 无敌的 possession 拥有 私藏 复数时指财产  possess 拥有
	In the last ten years I have pulled more cons and scams than anyone in history. I’ve beaten casinos, faked sports events, fixed auctions, talked people out of their dearest possessions, and walked right past seemingly unbeatable levels of security.


4. made a living 谋生  crook 骗子 坏蛋   hustle 欺诈行为  con men 骗子
	I have made a living exposing the methods of thieves, liars, crooks, and con men on a hit TV show called The Real Hustle. 


5. deception 欺骗 骗
	I have used a lifetime of research into all forms of deception to teach the public just how vulnerable they really are.


6. scam 骗局 欺诈  have no idea 不知道  rip off 敲诈 迅速脱下  rip 撕破  tear
	Each week, along with Alexis Conran, I pull real scams on real people who have no idea they are being ripped off.


7.  
	I’ve learned that, no matter how impossible something might seem, there’s almost always a clever, unexpected way to solve the problem.


8. commissioner 长官  commit
	When we presented this as an item forThe Real Hustle, the BBC commissioner wrote “will never happen” beside it and sent it back


9. victim 受害者  victor  胜利者  victory 胜利  PIN 身份识别号码  personal identification number 多用于银行 即密码
	We knew it was entirely possible because different versions of the same scam had been reported, where victims of theft were talked into revealing their PINs in several clever scams around the UK. 


10. withdrawal 提款 撤退 戒断  (词根 withdraw)
	If we were real thieves, we would have had access to her account via ATM withdrawals and chip and PIN purchases. 


11. element 因素 元素   tactic 策略 战术   scheme  strategy
	Often, the human elements of the system are the easiest to manipulate and deceive. Creating a state of panic, using influence, manipulation tactics, or causing feelings of trust are all methods used to put a victim at ease.


12. pull off 达成 脱下
	The scenario outlined here is an extreme example, but it shows that, with a little creativity, seemingly impossible scams can be pulled off.


13. concede 承认  (admission)  (grant)  breach 违反 破坏 缺口  blindfold 眼罩  compromise 妥协 危害
	The first step in becoming more secure is simply conceding that a system is vulnerable and can be compromised. On the contrary, by believing a breach is impossible, a blindfold is placed over your eyes as you run full speed ahead. 


14. dupe 欺骗 易受骗的人
	We took elements from different scams to illustrate exactly how someone might be duped into giving someone else complete access to their bank account.


15. relatively 相当 相对  relative 亲戚 相对  briefcase 公文包  (词源 brief 公文)
	To prove our point we set up the scam at a local cafe. The cafe was on the top floor of a mall on Oxford Street in London. It was relatively quiet as I sat at an empty table wearing a business suit. I placed my briefcase on the table and waited for a suitable victim.


16.  play the part 扮演角色 起到作用  mark
	The mark was alone so I gave Alex and Jess the signal.Playing the part of a couple, Alex and Jess asked the mark if she would take a picture of them both. 


17. distract 使分心 转移注意力  casually 漫不经心地 随意的 偶然的 (词根 casual 随意的 偶然的)  garage 车库  garble
	She removed her hand from her bag to take the camera and snap a picture of the “happy couple” and, while distracted, I casually reached over, took her bag, and calmly locked it inside my briefcase. My victim was yet to notice the empty chair as Alex and Jess left the cafe. Once out of sight, Alex headed quickly for the parking garage.


18. panic 恐慌   panel 面板 专家组  frantically 拼命地 发狂似地  (词根 frantic 发狂似的)
	It didn’t take long for her to realize her bag was gone. Instantly, she began to panic. She stood up and looked around, frantically. 


19. make-up 化妆品 性格 组成  convince 说服 使信服
	She started to ask me if I had seen anything. I told her I hadn’t but convinced her to sit down and think about what was in the bag. A phone. Make-up .A little cash .And her credit cards . Bingo!


20. bank with 在银行开户
	I asked who she banked with and then told her that I worked for that bank. What a stroke of luck!


21. hook 鱼钩 钩住   up to 胜任 决定 直到 多达 达到  reel her in 收钓丝钓起  reel 卷轴 卷  help-desk 服务台
	I called the "help-desk" number, which was actually Alex, and handed my phone to her. She was hooked and it was now up to Alex to reel her in.


22. downstairs 在楼下  stairs 楼梯  van 货车  dashboard 仪表盘  navigation
	Alex was downstairs in the van. On the dashboard, a CD player was playing office noises we had downloaded from the Internet.



























vandal  lock out  gap  blind  more than enough  at bay  con  casino  auction  possessions
unbeatable  possession  possess  made a living  crook  hustle  con men  deception
scam  have no idea  rip off  rip  tear  commissioner  commit  victim  victor  victory  
PIN  withdrawal  withdraw  element  tactics  scheme  strategy  pull off  
concede  admission  grant  breach  blindfold  compromise  dupe  relatively  relative 
briefcase  play the part  distract  casually  casual  garage  garble  panic 
panel  frantically  frantic  make-up  convince  bank with  hook  up to  reel her in 
reel  help-desk  downstairs  stairs  van  dashboard  navigation


