1. under the weather 人不舒服 身体不适  runny 流鼻涕的 流泪的
	Imagine waking up tomorrow, feeling a bit under the weather. An annoying pain in your throat, your nose is runny, you cough a bit. 


2. whiny 爱抱怨的  whine 抱怨  intruder 侵入者  roam 漫步 漫游  intricate 错综复杂的  if not 甚至 如果不是  mildly 微微地 温和地
	While you are totally not being a whiny little baby, your immune system is not complaining. It is busy keeping you alive so you can live to whine another day. And so, while intruders roam your body, killing hundreds of thousands of your cells, your immune system is organizing complex defenses, communicating over vast distances, activating intricate defense networks, and dishing out a swift death to millions, if not billions, of enemies. All while you are standing in the shower, mildly annoyed.


3. embrace 拥抱 包括  all-embracing 包罗万象的  encompass 包含  bothersome 讨厌的 麻烦的  bother 打扰 麻烦  nuisance 麻烦事  threatening 有威胁的 形容物  threaten 动 恐吓 威胁  threatened 受到威胁的 形容人   pneumonia 肺炎  indispensable 不可或缺的  dispensable 可有可无的 词源 分发 可分发出去的 即可有可无的  dispense 名 分发 免除  lung 肺
	It is all-embracing and all-encompassing, protecting you from bothersome nuisances like the common cold, scratches, and cuts, to life-threatening stuff from cancer and pneumonia to deadly infections like COVID-19. Your immune system is as indispensable as your heart or your lungs. And actually, it is one of the largest and most widespread organ systems throughout your body, although we don’t tend to think about it in these terms.


4. vague 模糊的  untransparent 不透明的 不清晰的  transparent 透明的 显而易见的
	For most of us, the immune system is a vague and cloud-like entity that follows strange and untransparent rules, and which seems to sometimes work and sometimes not.


5. speculation 猜测  speculate 猜测  subject to 形容词 易受影响的 
	It is a bit like the weather, extremely hard to predict and subject to endless speculations and opinions, resulting in actions that feel random to us. 
			

6. desperately 副 极其 拼命地 绝望地  desperate 形 绝望的 不顾一切的
	Understanding the mechanisms that are keeping you alive as you read this is not just a nice exercise in intellectual curiosity; it is desperately needed knowledge.


7. vaccine 疫苗  mindset 观念模式 心态  susceptible 容易感染的 易受影响的  devoid 形 缺乏的  deficit 名 赤字 亏缺  deficient 形 缺乏的 有缺陷的  deficiency 名 缺乏 缺陷
	If you know how the immune system works, you can understand and appreciate vaccines and how they can save your life or the lives of your children, and approach disease and sickness with a very different mindset and far less fear. You become less susceptible to snake oil salesmen who offer wonder drugs that are entirely devoid of logic.


8. boost 名动 增加 促进  microbe 微生物  unlikely 不大可能的  likely 可能的  pandemic 名 大流行病 形 大流行的
	You get to know what you can do to boost your immune system. You can protect your kids from dangerous microbes while also not being too stressed-out if they get dirty playing outside. And in the very unlikely case of, say, a global pandemic, knowing what a virus does to you and how your body fights it, might help you understand what the public health experts say.


9. inextricably 分不开地  extricate 动 使脱离 使解脱 解救 词源 脱离琐事  centrally 在中心  untimely 过早地 不合时宜地
	It is inextricably tied into almost all other processes in your body—and while it is centrally important to keeping you alive, it is likely that it may also be the part of your body that causes your untimely death, either by failing or by being too active.


10. obsess 沉迷
	I have been fascinated and obsessed by the incredible complexity of the human immune system for the better part of a decade now.


11. pile 堆  immunology 免疫学
	So I got a large pile of books about immunology and began digging in, but no matter how much I read, things just did not get less complicated.


12. swollen 肿胀的  swell 膨胀 肿胀  lymph 淋巴  visualize 使形象化
	When I got the flu I could no longer just complain, but had to look at my body, touch my swollen lymph nodes, and visualize what my immune cells were doing right then, which part of the network was activated, and how T Cells killed millions of intruders to protect me.


13. macrophage 巨噬细胞  phage 噬菌体 细菌噬菌体的简写  bacteriophage 噬菌体  allergic 过敏性的  shock 休克  antibody 抗体  foodstuff 食品
	When I cut myself while being careless in the forest I felt gratitude for my Macrophages, large immune cells hunting scared bacteria and ripping them into pieces to protect the open wound from infection. After taking a bite of the wrong granola bar and suffering an allergic shock, while being rushed to the hospital, I thought about Mast Cells and IgE Antibodies and how they had almost killed me in a misguided attempt to protect me from scary foodstuffs!


14. diagnose 诊断 判断  obsession 着迷 困扰
	When I was diagnosed with cancer at the age of thirty-two and had to undergo a couple of operations and then chemotherapy, my obsession with immunology became even more intense.











