1. Belgian 名 比利时人 形 比利时的  patent 动 获得专利 形 明显的 名词不必多说
	In 1907, Leo Hendrick Baekeland, a Belgian scientist working in New York, discovered and patented a revolutionary new synthetic material.


2. semi-synthetic 形 半合成的 注意词缀半  synthetic 形 合成的 人工的
	Some plastics are derived from natural sources, some are semi-synthetic, and some are entirely synthetic, that is, chemically engineered from the constituents of coal or oil. 


3. thermoplastic 形 热塑的 遇到热外观变化  wax 名 蜡 是一种通称词  thermosetting 形 热固的 遇到热外观固定  viscous 形 粘稠的
	Some are ‘thermoplastic’, which means that, like candlewax, they melt when heated and can then be reshaped. Others are ‘thermosetting’: like eggs, they cannot revert to their original viscous state, and their shape is thus fixed for ever.


4. domain 名 领域  couple with 伴随 与结合  cope with 应付 处理 前者本身就有这个意思   pragmatic 形 务实的 实用主义的  dwindle 动 减少小 下降 luxury 名 奢华  tortoiseshell 名 龟壳  tortoise 名 陆龟  ivory 名 象牙
	The impetus behind the development of these early plastics was generated by a number of factors - immense technological progress in the domain of chemistry, coupled with wider cultural changes, and the pragmatic need to find acceptable substitutes for dwindling supplies of ‘luxury’ materials such as tortoiseshell and ivory.


5. embark 动 开始从事某事 上船飞机  phenolic 形 苯酚的 酚的  phenol 名 苯酚 酚  resin 名 树脂 是一种材料天然的来自于树长得像脂
	Baekeland’s interest in plastics began in 1885 when, as a young chemistry student in Belgium, he embarked on research into phenolic resins


6. amass 动 积累 财富物品力量
	While Baekeland had been busily amassing dollars, some advances had been made in the development of plastics. The years 1899 and 1900 had seen the patenting of the first semi-synthetic thermosetting material that could be manufactured on an industrial scale.


7. kettle 名 水壶  soluble 名 可溶的  solvent 名 溶剂 也有形容词意思  malleable 形 可塑的 有延展性的  
	The original patent outlined a three-stage process, in which phenol and formaldehyde  were initially combined under vacuum inside a large egg-shaped kettle. The result was a resin known as Novalak which became soluble and malleable when heated. 


8. shallow 形 浅的 浅薄的 肤浅的  tray 名 托盘 盘  break up 打碎 即将某物分解 分手  ground grind into 磨成 前者是研磨的过去式  powder 名 粉末  strength 名 强度 力量 体力 第一个意思最常见  moisture 名 水分 湿度  moist 湿润的 潮湿的  catalyst 名 催化剂
	The resin was allowed to cool in shallow trays until it hardened, and then broken up and ground into powder. Other substances were then introduced: including fillers, such as woodflour, asbestos or cotton, which increase strength and moisture resistance, catalysts.


9. granular 形 颗粒状的 词源谷物
	The resulting granular powder was raw Bakelite, ready to be made into a vast range of manufactured objects.


10. govern 动 支配 治理
	The design of Bakelite objects, everything from earrings to television sets, was governed to a large extent by the technical requirements of the moulding process.


12. disdain 名 鄙视 轻视  unparalleled 形 无与伦比的 空前的
	Baekeland’s invention, although treated with disdain in its early years, went on to enjoy an unparalleled popularity which lasted throughout the first half of the twentieth century.


13. porous 形 多孔的  promote 动 推销 促进 晋升  germ-free 形 无菌的
	It became the wonder product of the new world of industrials expansion — ‘the material of a thousand uses’. Being both non-porous and heat-resistant, Bakelite kitchen goods were promoted as being germ-free and sterilisable. 


14. seize 动 抓住  insulate 动 隔绝 如 绝缘 绝热 relish 动 享受  dazzle 动 炫目 使目眩  shade 名 阴影   array of shades 各种颜色的选择  delight 名动 愉快 高兴  drab 形 单调的 灰褐色的  despise 动 鄙视 轻视 看不起
	Electrical manufacturers seized on its insulating properties, and consumers everywhere relished its dazzling array of shades, delighted that they were now, at last, no longer restricted to the wood tones and drab browns of the pre-plastic era. It then fell from favour again during the 1950s, and was despised and destroyed in vast quantities.


15. dedicated 形 专注的 献身的  innovative 形 创新的
	In the collectors’ marketplace, and museums, societies and dedicated individuals once again appreciating the style and originality of this innovative material.











