1. exaggerate 动 夸大  transient 形 短暂的 转瞬即逝的  transitory 形 短暂的
	And finally, most forms of environmental pollution either appear to have been exaggerated, or are transient — associated with the early phases of industrialisation and therefore best cured not by restricting economic growth, but by accelerating it.


2. devastating 形 毁灭性的  pose 动 构成  devastate 动 毁灭 摧毁
	One form of pollution — the release of greenhouse gases that causes global warming — does appear to be a phenomenon that is going to extend well into our future, but its total impact is unlikely to pose a devastating problem.


3. poll 名 投票 调查  nurture 动 培养  decline 动 下降减少 拒绝  disjunction 名 分离
	Yet opinion polls suggest that many people nurture the belief that environmental standards are declining and four factors seem to cause this disjunction between perception and reality.


4. lopsidedness 名 不平衡  lopsided 形 不平衡的
	One is the lopsidedness built into scientific research.


5. roll in 滚来 蜂拥而来  understandably 副 易懂地  overstate 动 夸大
	They also need to keep the money rolling in. Understandably, perhaps, they sometimes overstate their arguments.


6. overwhelmingly 值得思考用法  folk 名 民俗音乐 人们  nevertheless 副 尽管如此 然而 不过  scepticism 名 怀疑 怀疑态度 和怀疑的同根  sceptical 形 怀疑的
	Though these groups are run overwhelmingly by selfless folk, they nevertheless share many of the characteristics of other lobby groups. That would matter less if people applied the same degree of scepticism to environmental lobbying as they do to lobby groups in other fields.


7. instantly 副 立即  self-interested 形 自私的 后者有利益的意思  altruistic 形 无私的 利他的  impartial 形 公正的 词源为部分的反义词
	A trade organisation arguing for, say, weaker pollution controls is instantly seen as self-interested. Yet a green organisation opposing such a weakening is seen as altruistic, even if an impartial view of the controls in question might suggest they are doing more harm than good.


8. distortion 名 扭曲 变形 失真  distort 动 扭曲 失真 变形   perception 名 感觉 看法  accuse 动 指责 控告  wreck 名 失事 动 毁坏  tourism 名 旅游业  ski-slope 名 滑雪坡  slope 名 斜坡 名动 倾斜
	That, however, can lead to significant distortions of perception. An example was America’s encounter with El Nino in 1997 and 1998. This climatic phenomenon was accused of wrecking tourism, causing allergies, melting the ski-slopes and causing 22 deaths.



9. dispose 动 处理 使倾向于
	People worry that the endless rise in the amount of stuff everyone throws away will cause the world to run out of places to dispose of waste.


10. estimate 名动 估计
	The best estimates are that the temperatures will rise by 2-3 centigrade in this century, causing considerable problems, at a total cost of US$5,000 billion.


11. drastic 形 极端的 剧烈的  costly 形 昂贵的  emission 名 排放物 排放 应该和那啥有关系
	Despite the intuition that something drastic needs to be done about such a costly problem, economic analyses clearly show it will be far more expensive to cut carbon dioxide emissions radically than to pay the costs of adaptation to the increased temperatures.


12. author 名 作者  authority 名 权威 权力 当局 词源作者  diminish 动 减少 词根昏暗的  dim 形 昏暗的
	A model by one of the main authors of the United Nations Climate Change Panel shows how an expected temperature increase of 2.1 degrees in 2100 would only be diminished to an increase of 1.9 degrees.


13. buy 动 获得 赢得 例句中属于双宾语用法  pressing 形 紧迫的 迫切的  sanitation 名 卫生 公共卫生
	So this does not prevent global warming, but merely buys the world six years. Yet the cost of reducing carbon dioxide emissions, for the United States alone, will be higher than the cost of solving the world’s single, most pressing health problem: providing universal access to clean drinking water and sanitation.


14. optimistic 形 乐观的  pessimistic 形 悲观的
	It may be costly to be overly optimistic — but more costly still to be too pessimistic.


15. catastrophic 形 灾难性的
	The writer admits that global warming is a long-term challenge, but says that it will not have a catastrophic impact on our future,






